anna politkovskaya		the murder remains unsolved , 2016		did they have any clues ?		did investigators have any clues in the unresolved murder of anna politkovskaya ?
anna politkovskaya		the murder remains unsolved , 2016		did they have any clues ?		probably fsb ) are known to have targeted the webmail account of the murdered russian journalist anna politkovskaya .		how did they target her email ?		how did fsb target the murdered journalist anna politkovskaya 's email ?
anna politkovskaya		the murder remains unsolved , 2016		did they have any clues ?		probably fsb ) are known to have targeted the webmail account of the murdered russian journalist anna politkovskaya .		how did they target her email ?		on 5 december 2005 , rfis initiated an attack against the account annapolitovskaya@us provider1 , by deploying malicious software		did they get into trouble for that ?		did fsb get into trouble for attacking the email account of anna politkovskaya 's ?
anna politkovskaya		the murder remains unsolved , 2016		did they have any clues ?		probably fsb ) are known to have targeted the webmail account of the murdered russian journalist anna politkovskaya .		how did they target her email ?		on 5 december 2005 , rfis initiated an attack against the account annapolitovskaya@us provider1 , by deploying malicious software		did they get into trouble for that ?		i do n't know .		did they have any murder suspects ?		did fsb have any anna politkovskaya 's murder suspects ?
anna politkovskaya		the murder remains unsolved , 2016		did they have any clues ?		probably fsb ) are known to have targeted the webmail account of the murdered russian journalist anna politkovskaya .		how did they target her email ?		on 5 december 2005 , rfis initiated an attack against the account annapolitovskaya@us provider1 , by deploying malicious software		did they get into trouble for that ?		i do n't know .		did they have any murder suspects ?		after the three makhmudov brothers , khadjikurbanov and lom - ali gaitukayev were convicted in 2014 ,		did they go to jail ?		did any of anna politkovskaya 's murder suspects go to jail ?
anna politkovskaya		the murder remains unsolved , 2016		did they have any clues ?		probably fsb ) are known to have targeted the webmail account of the murdered russian journalist anna politkovskaya .		how did they target her email ?		on 5 december 2005 , rfis initiated an attack against the account annapolitovskaya@us provider1 , by deploying malicious software		did they get into trouble for that ?		i do n't know .		did they have any murder suspects ?		after the three makhmudov brothers , khadjikurbanov and lom - ali gaitukayev were convicted in 2014 ,		did they go to jail ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting in the article ?		aside from the case of anna politkovskaya 's murder , is there anything else interesting in the article ?
anna politkovskaya		the murder remains unsolved , 2016		did they have any clues ?		probably fsb ) are known to have targeted the webmail account of the murdered russian journalist anna politkovskaya .		how did they target her email ?		on 5 december 2005 , rfis initiated an attack against the account annapolitovskaya@us provider1 , by deploying malicious software		did they get into trouble for that ?		i do n't know .		did they have any murder suspects ?		after the three makhmudov brothers , khadjikurbanov and lom - ali gaitukayev were convicted in 2014 ,		did they go to jail ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting in the article ?		in accordance with russian law there is a 15-year statute of limitation for the " particularly grave " crime of first degree murder .		are they close to solving it ?		is fsb close to solving the murder of anna politkovskaya ?
anna politkovskaya		the murder remains unsolved , 2016		did they have any clues ?		probably fsb ) are known to have targeted the webmail account of the murdered russian journalist anna politkovskaya .		how did they target her email ?		on 5 december 2005 , rfis initiated an attack against the account annapolitovskaya@us provider1 , by deploying malicious software		did they get into trouble for that ?		i do n't know .		did they have any murder suspects ?		after the three makhmudov brothers , khadjikurbanov and lom - ali gaitukayev were convicted in 2014 ,		did they go to jail ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting in the article ?		in accordance with russian law there is a 15-year statute of limitation for the " particularly grave " crime of first degree murder .		are they close to solving it ?		in may that year the case against him was discontinued because the statute of limitations had expired .		is it similar to any other cases ?		aside from the discontinued case against a convicted killer , how is the murder of anna politkovskaya similar to any other cases ?
superstar billy graham		return to wwwf ( 1977 - 1981 )		why did he return to the wwwf ?		why did superstar billy graham return to the wwwf ?
superstar billy graham		return to wwwf ( 1977 - 1981 )		why did he return to the wwwf ?		an agreement with promoter vincent j. mcmahon ( senior		what was his agreement with mcmahon ?		what was superstar billy graham 's agreement with mcmahon ?
superstar billy graham		return to wwwf ( 1977 - 1981 )		why did he return to the wwwf ?		an agreement with promoter vincent j. mcmahon ( senior		what was his agreement with mcmahon ?		i do n't know .		how did people respond to his return ?		how did people respond to superstar billy graham 's return ?
superstar billy graham		return to wwwf ( 1977 - 1981 )		why did he return to the wwwf ?		an agreement with promoter vincent j. mcmahon ( senior		what was his agreement with mcmahon ?		i do n't know .		how did people respond to his return ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during 1977 - 1981 ?		what else happened during 1977 - 1981 other than superstar billy graham 's return ?
superstar billy graham		return to wwwf ( 1977 - 1981 )		why did he return to the wwwf ?		an agreement with promoter vincent j. mcmahon ( senior		what was his agreement with mcmahon ?		i do n't know .		how did people respond to his return ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during 1977 - 1981 ?		graham defeated bruno sammartino for the wwwf heavyweight championship on april 30 , 1977 ,		did he defeat anyone else ?		did superstar billy graham defeat anyone else other than bruno sammartino ?
superstar billy graham		return to wwwf ( 1977 - 1981 )		why did he return to the wwwf ?		an agreement with promoter vincent j. mcmahon ( senior		what was his agreement with mcmahon ?		i do n't know .		how did people respond to his return ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during 1977 - 1981 ?		graham defeated bruno sammartino for the wwwf heavyweight championship on april 30 , 1977 ,		did he defeat anyone else ?		graham defeated bruno		what happened after he defeated bruno ?		what happened after superstar billy graham defeated bruno ?
superstar billy graham		return to wwwf ( 1977 - 1981 )		why did he return to the wwwf ?		an agreement with promoter vincent j. mcmahon ( senior		what was his agreement with mcmahon ?		i do n't know .		how did people respond to his return ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during 1977 - 1981 ?		graham defeated bruno sammartino for the wwwf heavyweight championship on april 30 , 1977 ,		did he defeat anyone else ?		graham defeated bruno		what happened after he defeated bruno ?		graham held the title for nine and a half months .		who took the title after ?		who took the title after superstar billy graham ?
superstar billy graham		disputes with the mcmahons		what disputes did he have ?		what disputes did billy graham have ?
superstar billy graham		disputes with the mcmahons		what disputes did he have ?		graham personally sued zahorian and the wwf ,		why ?		why did billy graham personally sued zahorian and the wwf ?
superstar billy graham		disputes with the mcmahons		what disputes did he have ?		graham personally sued zahorian and the wwf ,		why ?		claiming that they had forced him to take steroids to maintain his position in the company .		did he win the lawsuit ?		did billy graham win the lawsuit against zahorian and the wwf ?
superstar billy graham		disputes with the mcmahons		what disputes did he have ?		graham personally sued zahorian and the wwf ,		why ?		claiming that they had forced him to take steroids to maintain his position in the company .		did he win the lawsuit ?		his lawsuit was unsuccessful ,		what happened after the suit failed ?		what happened after billy graham 's lawsuit against zahorian failed ?
superstar billy graham		disputes with the mcmahons		what disputes did he have ?		graham personally sued zahorian and the wwf ,		why ?		claiming that they had forced him to take steroids to maintain his position in the company .		did he win the lawsuit ?		his lawsuit was unsuccessful ,		what happened after the suit failed ?		graham went on a public awareness campaign regarding the dangers of steroids		how did the campaign do ?		how did billy graham 's public awareness campaign regarding the dangers of steroids do ?
superstar billy graham		disputes with the mcmahons		what disputes did he have ?		graham personally sued zahorian and the wwf ,		why ?		claiming that they had forced him to take steroids to maintain his position in the company .		did he win the lawsuit ?		his lawsuit was unsuccessful ,		what happened after the suit failed ?		graham went on a public awareness campaign regarding the dangers of steroids		how did the campaign do ?		during the donahue taping graham claimed to have witnessed wwf officials sexually abuse children .		did these allegations get anywhere ?		did billy graham 's allegations that wwf officials sexually abuse children get anywhere ?
superstar billy graham		disputes with the mcmahons		what disputes did he have ?		graham personally sued zahorian and the wwf ,		why ?		claiming that they had forced him to take steroids to maintain his position in the company .		did he win the lawsuit ?		his lawsuit was unsuccessful ,		what happened after the suit failed ?		graham went on a public awareness campaign regarding the dangers of steroids		how did the campaign do ?		during the donahue taping graham claimed to have witnessed wwf officials sexually abuse children .		did these allegations get anywhere ?		graham later admitted that he made up the allegations , hoping to extort " hush money " out of the wwf .		was he able to get money from them after all ?		was billy graham able to get money from the wwf after all ?
samuel pepys		great plague		what was the great plague ?		what was the ' great plague ?
samuel pepys		great plague		what was the great plague ?		outbreaks of plague were not particularly unusual events in london ; major epidemics had occurred in 1592 , 1603 , 1625 and 1636 .		what was included in this plague ?		what was included in the great plague ?
samuel pepys		great plague		what was the great plague ?		outbreaks of plague were not particularly unusual events in london ; major epidemics had occurred in 1592 , 1603 , 1625 and 1636 .		what was included in this plague ?		pepys was not among the group of people who were most at risk . he did not live in cramped housing , he did not routinely mix with the poor ,		what happened to the poor ?		what happened to the poor people during the great plague ?
samuel pepys		great plague		what was the great plague ?		outbreaks of plague were not particularly unusual events in london ; major epidemics had occurred in 1592 , 1603 , 1625 and 1636 .		what was included in this plague ?		pepys was not among the group of people who were most at risk . he did not live in cramped housing , he did not routinely mix with the poor ,		what happened to the poor ?		but , lord ! how sad a sight it is to see the streets empty of people ,		did they become sick ?		did the poor people become sick during the great plague ?
samuel pepys		great plague		what was the great plague ?		outbreaks of plague were not particularly unusual events in london ; major epidemics had occurred in 1592 , 1603 , 1625 and 1636 .		what was included in this plague ?		pepys was not among the group of people who were most at risk . he did not live in cramped housing , he did not routinely mix with the poor ,		what happened to the poor ?		but , lord ! how sad a sight it is to see the streets empty of people ,		did they become sick ?		was shocked by the sight of st olave 's churchyard , where 300 people had been buried .		around what year was this happening ?		around what year was the great plague happening ?
samuel pepys		great plague		what was the great plague ?		outbreaks of plague were not particularly unusual events in london ; major epidemics had occurred in 1592 , 1603 , 1625 and 1636 .		what was included in this plague ?		pepys was not among the group of people who were most at risk . he did not live in cramped housing , he did not routinely mix with the poor ,		what happened to the poor ?		but , lord ! how sad a sight it is to see the streets empty of people ,		did they become sick ?		was shocked by the sight of st olave 's churchyard , where 300 people had been buried .		around what year was this happening ?		june 1665		what was the cause ?		what was the cause of the great plague ?
samuel pepys		great plague		what was the great plague ?		outbreaks of plague were not particularly unusual events in london ; major epidemics had occurred in 1592 , 1603 , 1625 and 1636 .		what was included in this plague ?		pepys was not among the group of people who were most at risk . he did not live in cramped housing , he did not routinely mix with the poor ,		what happened to the poor ?		but , lord ! how sad a sight it is to see the streets empty of people ,		did they become sick ?		was shocked by the sight of st olave 's churchyard , where 300 people had been buried .		around what year was this happening ?		june 1665		what was the cause ?		cramped housing , he did not routinely mix with the poor , and he was not required to keep his family in london in the event of a crisis .		did the plague ever come to an end ?		did the great plague ever come to an end ?
samuel pepys		great plague		what was the great plague ?		outbreaks of plague were not particularly unusual events in london ; major epidemics had occurred in 1592 , 1603 , 1625 and 1636 .		what was included in this plague ?		pepys was not among the group of people who were most at risk . he did not live in cramped housing , he did not routinely mix with the poor ,		what happened to the poor ?		but , lord ! how sad a sight it is to see the streets empty of people ,		did they become sick ?		was shocked by the sight of st olave 's churchyard , where 300 people had been buried .		around what year was this happening ?		june 1665		what was the cause ?		cramped housing , he did not routinely mix with the poor , and he was not required to keep his family in london in the event of a crisis .		did the plague ever come to an end ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the impacts on the poor , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
samuel pepys		great plague		what was the great plague ?		outbreaks of plague were not particularly unusual events in london ; major epidemics had occurred in 1592 , 1603 , 1625 and 1636 .		what was included in this plague ?		pepys was not among the group of people who were most at risk . he did not live in cramped housing , he did not routinely mix with the poor ,		what happened to the poor ?		but , lord ! how sad a sight it is to see the streets empty of people ,		did they become sick ?		was shocked by the sight of st olave 's churchyard , where 300 people had been buried .		around what year was this happening ?		june 1665		what was the cause ?		cramped housing , he did not routinely mix with the poor , and he was not required to keep his family in london in the event of a crisis .		did the plague ever come to an end ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		claire tomalin writes that " the most notable fact about pepys 's plague year is that to him it was one of the happiest of his life .		why was it so happy ?		why was samuel pepys ' so happy ?
samuel pepys		great plague		what was the great plague ?		outbreaks of plague were not particularly unusual events in london ; major epidemics had occurred in 1592 , 1603 , 1625 and 1636 .		what was included in this plague ?		pepys was not among the group of people who were most at risk . he did not live in cramped housing , he did not routinely mix with the poor ,		what happened to the poor ?		but , lord ! how sad a sight it is to see the streets empty of people ,		did they become sick ?		was shocked by the sight of st olave 's churchyard , where 300 people had been buried .		around what year was this happening ?		june 1665		what was the cause ?		cramped housing , he did not routinely mix with the poor , and he was not required to keep his family in london in the event of a crisis .		did the plague ever come to an end ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		claire tomalin writes that " the most notable fact about pepys 's plague year is that to him it was one of the happiest of his life .		why was it so happy ?		in 1665 , he worked very hard , and the outcome was that he quadrupled his fortune .		how else did this effect him ?		aside from being happy , how else did the great plague effect samuel pepys ?
samuel pepys		great plague		what was the great plague ?		outbreaks of plague were not particularly unusual events in london ; major epidemics had occurred in 1592 , 1603 , 1625 and 1636 .		what was included in this plague ?		pepys was not among the group of people who were most at risk . he did not live in cramped housing , he did not routinely mix with the poor ,		what happened to the poor ?		but , lord ! how sad a sight it is to see the streets empty of people ,		did they become sick ?		was shocked by the sight of st olave 's churchyard , where 300 people had been buried .		around what year was this happening ?		june 1665		what was the cause ?		cramped housing , he did not routinely mix with the poor , and he was not required to keep his family in london in the event of a crisis .		did the plague ever come to an end ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		claire tomalin writes that " the most notable fact about pepys 's plague year is that to him it was one of the happiest of his life .		why was it so happy ?		in 1665 , he worked very hard , and the outcome was that he quadrupled his fortune .		how else did this effect him ?		he wrote , " i have never lived so merrily ( besides that i never got so much ) as i have done this plague time " .		what types of things did he get done ?		what types of things did samuel pepys get done ?
corbin bleu		early life and education		where was he born ?		where was corbin bleu born ?
corbin bleu		early life and education		where was he born ?		brooklyn , new york ,		when was he born ?		when was corbin bleu born ?
corbin bleu		early life and education		where was he born ?		brooklyn , new york ,		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		who were his parents ?		who were corbin bleu 's parents ?
corbin bleu		early life and education		where was he born ?		brooklyn , new york ,		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		who were his parents ?		martha ( nee callari ) and david reivers ( born 1958 ) , an actor .		did he have any siblings ?		did corbin bleu have any siblings ?
corbin bleu		early life and education		where was he born ?		brooklyn , new york ,		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		who were his parents ?		martha ( nee callari ) and david reivers ( born 1958 ) , an actor .		did he have any siblings ?		three sisters : jag , phoenix , and hunter .		did any of his siblings act ?		did any of corbin bleu 's siblings act ?
corbin bleu		early life and education		where was he born ?		brooklyn , new york ,		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		who were his parents ?		martha ( nee callari ) and david reivers ( born 1958 ) , an actor .		did he have any siblings ?		three sisters : jag , phoenix , and hunter .		did any of his siblings act ?		i do n't know .		where did he go to school ?		where did corbin bleu go to school ?
corbin bleu		early life and education		where was he born ?		brooklyn , new york ,		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		who were his parents ?		martha ( nee callari ) and david reivers ( born 1958 ) , an actor .		did he have any siblings ?		three sisters : jag , phoenix , and hunter .		did any of his siblings act ?		i do n't know .		where did he go to school ?		bleu graduated from los angeles county high school for the arts .		did he go to college ?		did corbin bleu go to college ?
corbin bleu		early life and education		where was he born ?		brooklyn , new york ,		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		who were his parents ?		martha ( nee callari ) and david reivers ( born 1958 ) , an actor .		did he have any siblings ?		three sisters : jag , phoenix , and hunter .		did any of his siblings act ?		i do n't know .		where did he go to school ?		bleu graduated from los angeles county high school for the arts .		did he go to college ?		he attended the fiorello h. laguardia high school of music & art and performing arts in new york as a theater major ,		did he act in college ?		did corbin bleu act in college ?
jan and dean		berry 's death		when did berry die ?		when did jan berry die ?
jan and dean		berry 's death		when did berry die ?		march 26 , 2004 ,		what did he die of ?		what did jan berry die of ?
jan and dean		berry 's death		when did berry die ?		march 26 , 2004 ,		what did he die of ?		after he suffered a seizure eight days before his 63rd birthday .		where was he buried ?		where was jan berry buried after death in 2004 ?
jan and dean		berry 's death		when did berry die ?		march 26 , 2004 ,		what did he die of ?		after he suffered a seizure eight days before his 63rd birthday .		where was he buried ?		his body was cremated .		why was he cremated ?		why was jan berry cremated after death in 2004 ?
jan and dean		berry 's death		when did berry die ?		march 26 , 2004 ,		what did he die of ?		after he suffered a seizure eight days before his 63rd birthday .		where was he buried ?		his body was cremated .		why was he cremated ?		i do n't know .		did they have a wake or viewing for him ?		did people have a wake or viewing for jan berry 's cremation in 2004 ?
jan and dean		berry 's death		when did berry die ?		march 26 , 2004 ,		what did he die of ?		after he suffered a seizure eight days before his 63rd birthday .		where was he buried ?		his body was cremated .		why was he cremated ?		i do n't know .		did they have a wake or viewing for him ?		a " celebration of life " was held in berry 's memory at the roxy theatre on the sunset strip in west hollywood , california .		who attended the celebration of life ?		who attended the celebration of life held in jan berry 's memory at the roxy theatre in hollywood , california ?
jan and dean		berry 's death		when did berry die ?		march 26 , 2004 ,		what did he die of ?		after he suffered a seizure eight days before his 63rd birthday .		where was he buried ?		his body was cremated .		why was he cremated ?		i do n't know .		did they have a wake or viewing for him ?		a " celebration of life " was held in berry 's memory at the roxy theatre on the sunset strip in west hollywood , california .		who attended the celebration of life ?		attendees included torrence , lou adler , jill gibson , and nancy sinatra , along with many family members , friends , and musicians		how did dean react after the death ?		how did dean react after the death of jan berry ?
jan and dean		berry 's death		when did berry die ?		march 26 , 2004 ,		what did he die of ?		after he suffered a seizure eight days before his 63rd birthday .		where was he buried ?		his body was cremated .		why was he cremated ?		i do n't know .		did they have a wake or viewing for him ?		a " celebration of life " was held in berry 's memory at the roxy theatre on the sunset strip in west hollywood , california .		who attended the celebration of life ?		attendees included torrence , lou adler , jill gibson , and nancy sinatra , along with many family members , friends , and musicians		how did dean react after the death ?		dean 's website , features -- among other things -- rare images , a complete jan & dean discography ,		did he release any songs that jan had written or sung before death ?		did dean release any songs that jan berry had written or sung before death ?
jan and dean		berry 's death		when did berry die ?		march 26 , 2004 ,		what did he die of ?		after he suffered a seizure eight days before his 63rd birthday .		where was he buried ?		his body was cremated .		why was he cremated ?		i do n't know .		did they have a wake or viewing for him ?		a " celebration of life " was held in berry 's memory at the roxy theatre on the sunset strip in west hollywood , california .		who attended the celebration of life ?		attendees included torrence , lou adler , jill gibson , and nancy sinatra , along with many family members , friends , and musicians		how did dean react after the death ?		dean 's website , features -- among other things -- rare images , a complete jan & dean discography ,		did he release any songs that jan had written or sung before death ?		in february 2010 , the jan & dean album carnival of sound was released on the rhino handmade label . the album cover was designed by torrence .		what else does he have in rememberance of his partner ?		other than album carnival of sound , what else does dean have in remembrance of jan berry ?
jan and dean		berry 's death		when did berry die ?		march 26 , 2004 ,		what did he die of ?		after he suffered a seizure eight days before his 63rd birthday .		where was he buried ?		his body was cremated .		why was he cremated ?		i do n't know .		did they have a wake or viewing for him ?		a " celebration of life " was held in berry 's memory at the roxy theatre on the sunset strip in west hollywood , california .		who attended the celebration of life ?		attendees included torrence , lou adler , jill gibson , and nancy sinatra , along with many family members , friends , and musicians		how did dean react after the death ?		dean 's website , features -- among other things -- rare images , a complete jan & dean discography ,		did he release any songs that jan had written or sung before death ?		in february 2010 , the jan & dean album carnival of sound was released on the rhino handmade label . the album cover was designed by torrence .		what else does he have in rememberance of his partner ?		in 2012 , torrence reunited with bruce davison , who portrayed him in the 1978 film deadman 's curve to perform with the bamboo trading company		and were there other movies or songs released ?		aside from film deadman 's curve , were there other movies or songs released in the memory of jan berry ?
jan and dean		berry 's death		when did berry die ?		march 26 , 2004 ,		what did he die of ?		after he suffered a seizure eight days before his 63rd birthday .		where was he buried ?		his body was cremated .		why was he cremated ?		i do n't know .		did they have a wake or viewing for him ?		a " celebration of life " was held in berry 's memory at the roxy theatre on the sunset strip in west hollywood , california .		who attended the celebration of life ?		attendees included torrence , lou adler , jill gibson , and nancy sinatra , along with many family members , friends , and musicians		how did dean react after the death ?		dean 's website , features -- among other things -- rare images , a complete jan & dean discography ,		did he release any songs that jan had written or sung before death ?		in february 2010 , the jan & dean album carnival of sound was released on the rhino handmade label . the album cover was designed by torrence .		what else does he have in rememberance of his partner ?		in 2012 , torrence reunited with bruce davison , who portrayed him in the 1978 film deadman 's curve to perform with the bamboo trading company		and were there other movies or songs released ?		the songs were " shrewd awakening " and " tonga hut " , which was featured on the film return of the killer shrews ,		what was special about any of these movies or songs ?		what was special about songs " shrewd awakening " and " tonga hut " and the movie " return of the killer shrews " ?
jan and dean		berry 's death		when did berry die ?		march 26 , 2004 ,		what did he die of ?		after he suffered a seizure eight days before his 63rd birthday .		where was he buried ?		his body was cremated .		why was he cremated ?		i do n't know .		did they have a wake or viewing for him ?		a " celebration of life " was held in berry 's memory at the roxy theatre on the sunset strip in west hollywood , california .		who attended the celebration of life ?		attendees included torrence , lou adler , jill gibson , and nancy sinatra , along with many family members , friends , and musicians		how did dean react after the death ?		dean 's website , features -- among other things -- rare images , a complete jan & dean discography ,		did he release any songs that jan had written or sung before death ?		in february 2010 , the jan & dean album carnival of sound was released on the rhino handmade label . the album cover was designed by torrence .		what else does he have in rememberance of his partner ?		in 2012 , torrence reunited with bruce davison , who portrayed him in the 1978 film deadman 's curve to perform with the bamboo trading company		and were there other movies or songs released ?		the songs were " shrewd awakening " and " tonga hut " , which was featured on the film return of the killer shrews ,		what was special about any of these movies or songs ?		the album also feature dean 's two daughters , jillian and katie torrence .		which album featured the daughters ?		which album featured dean 's daughters ?
luke skywalker		novels		what novels did he write ?		what novels did skywalker write ?
luke skywalker		novels		what novels did he write ?		in the novel the truce at bakura , set one day after the battle of endor , luke and his friend wedge antilles recover a message droid from the titular planet ,		what happens next ?		what happens next ?
luke skywalker		novels		what novels did he write ?		in the novel the truce at bakura , set one day after the battle of endor , luke and his friend wedge antilles recover a message droid from the titular planet ,		what happens next ?		luke commands a task force , turning back the enemy army .		was he successful ?		was skywalker successful ?
luke skywalker		novels		what novels did he write ?		in the novel the truce at bakura , set one day after the battle of endor , luke and his friend wedge antilles recover a message droid from the titular planet ,		what happens next ?		luke commands a task force , turning back the enemy army .		was he successful ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from recovering a message droid from the titular planet are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
william jennings bryan		presidential election of 1900		did bryan run for president in the 1900 election ?		did bryan run for president in the 1900 election ?
william jennings bryan		presidential election of 1900		did bryan run for president in the 1900 election ?		in 1900 bryan ran as an anti - imperialist ,		did he win the election ?		did bryan win the election ?
william jennings bryan		presidential election of 1900		did bryan run for president in the 1900 election ?		in 1900 bryan ran as an anti - imperialist ,		did he win the election ?		despite bryan 's tremendous energy , mckinley and the republicans were too strong to defeat .		was he conservative or liberal ?		was bryan conservative or liberal ?
william jennings bryan		presidential election of 1900		did bryan run for president in the 1900 election ?		in 1900 bryan ran as an anti - imperialist ,		did he win the election ?		despite bryan 's tremendous energy , mckinley and the republicans were too strong to defeat .		was he conservative or liberal ?		i do n't know .		would he have led us into war if he had won ?		would bryan have led us into war if he had won ?
william jennings bryan		presidential election of 1900		did bryan run for president in the 1900 election ?		in 1900 bryan ran as an anti - imperialist ,		did he win the election ?		despite bryan 's tremendous energy , mckinley and the republicans were too strong to defeat .		was he conservative or liberal ?		i do n't know .		would he have led us into war if he had won ?		i do n't know .		what did he think of mckinley ?		what did bryan think of mckinley ?
varg vikernes		arson of churches		did varg commit any arson ?		did varg vikernes commit any arson ?
varg vikernes		arson of churches		did varg commit any arson ?		vikernes was found guilty of several of these cases :		when was the first case ?		when was the first arson ?
varg vikernes		arson of churches		did varg commit any arson ?		vikernes was found guilty of several of these cases :		when was the first case ?		on 6 june 1992 , the fantoft stave church , dating from the 12th century and considered architecturally significant , was burned		why did he burn it ?		why did varg vikernes burn fantoft stave church ?
varg vikernes		arson of churches		did varg commit any arson ?		vikernes was found guilty of several of these cases :		when was the first case ?		on 6 june 1992 , the fantoft stave church , dating from the 12th century and considered architecturally significant , was burned		why did he burn it ?		at the time , claims were made by media outlets that vikernes was associated with theistic satanism .		were there other claims or comments made about this case ?		were there other claims or comments made about the fantoft stave church arson besides satanism ?
varg vikernes		arson of churches		did varg commit any arson ?		vikernes was found guilty of several of these cases :		when was the first case ?		on 6 june 1992 , the fantoft stave church , dating from the 12th century and considered architecturally significant , was burned		why did he burn it ?		at the time , claims were made by media outlets that vikernes was associated with theistic satanism .		were there other claims or comments made about this case ?		in an interview with michael moynihan , vikernes made a statement about the church burnings that hints at a heathen rather than a satanist motivation :		did this case go to court ?		did the arson of fantoft stave church go to court ?
varg vikernes		arson of churches		did varg commit any arson ?		vikernes was found guilty of several of these cases :		when was the first case ?		on 6 june 1992 , the fantoft stave church , dating from the 12th century and considered architecturally significant , was burned		why did he burn it ?		at the time , claims were made by media outlets that vikernes was associated with theistic satanism .		were there other claims or comments made about this case ?		in an interview with michael moynihan , vikernes made a statement about the church burnings that hints at a heathen rather than a satanist motivation :		did this case go to court ?		he was also charged with the arson of fantoft stave church , although the jurors found him not guilty .		what happened in the other cases ?		what happened in the other stave church arsons aside from fantoft stave church ?
varg vikernes		arson of churches		did varg commit any arson ?		vikernes was found guilty of several of these cases :		when was the first case ?		on 6 june 1992 , the fantoft stave church , dating from the 12th century and considered architecturally significant , was burned		why did he burn it ?		at the time , claims were made by media outlets that vikernes was associated with theistic satanism .		were there other claims or comments made about this case ?		in an interview with michael moynihan , vikernes made a statement about the church burnings that hints at a heathen rather than a satanist motivation :		did this case go to court ?		he was also charged with the arson of fantoft stave church , although the jurors found him not guilty .		what happened in the other cases ?		by january 1993 , arson attacks had occurred on at least seven other major stave churches , including one on christmas eve of 1992 .		was he accused in any of these other cases ?		was varg vikernes accused in any of the other major stave churches in addition to fantoft stave church ?
varg vikernes		arson of churches		did varg commit any arson ?		vikernes was found guilty of several of these cases :		when was the first case ?		on 6 june 1992 , the fantoft stave church , dating from the 12th century and considered architecturally significant , was burned		why did he burn it ?		at the time , claims were made by media outlets that vikernes was associated with theistic satanism .		were there other claims or comments made about this case ?		in an interview with michael moynihan , vikernes made a statement about the church burnings that hints at a heathen rather than a satanist motivation :		did this case go to court ?		he was also charged with the arson of fantoft stave church , although the jurors found him not guilty .		what happened in the other cases ?		by january 1993 , arson attacks had occurred on at least seven other major stave churches , including one on christmas eve of 1992 .		was he accused in any of these other cases ?		the arson and attempted arson of asane church and storetveit church , respectively , in bergen , the arson of skjold church in vindafjord , and the arson of holmenkollen chapel in oslo .		was he ever convicted ?		was vikernes ever convicted ?
varg vikernes		arson of churches		did varg commit any arson ?		vikernes was found guilty of several of these cases :		when was the first case ?		on 6 june 1992 , the fantoft stave church , dating from the 12th century and considered architecturally significant , was burned		why did he burn it ?		at the time , claims were made by media outlets that vikernes was associated with theistic satanism .		were there other claims or comments made about this case ?		in an interview with michael moynihan , vikernes made a statement about the church burnings that hints at a heathen rather than a satanist motivation :		did this case go to court ?		he was also charged with the arson of fantoft stave church , although the jurors found him not guilty .		what happened in the other cases ?		by january 1993 , arson attacks had occurred on at least seven other major stave churches , including one on christmas eve of 1992 .		was he accused in any of these other cases ?		the arson and attempted arson of asane church and storetveit church , respectively , in bergen , the arson of skjold church in vindafjord , and the arson of holmenkollen chapel in oslo .		was he ever convicted ?		vikernes was found guilty of several of these cases :		how did he attempt to defend himself ?		how did vikernes attempt to defend himself ?
varg vikernes		arson of churches		did varg commit any arson ?		vikernes was found guilty of several of these cases :		when was the first case ?		on 6 june 1992 , the fantoft stave church , dating from the 12th century and considered architecturally significant , was burned		why did he burn it ?		at the time , claims were made by media outlets that vikernes was associated with theistic satanism .		were there other claims or comments made about this case ?		in an interview with michael moynihan , vikernes made a statement about the church burnings that hints at a heathen rather than a satanist motivation :		did this case go to court ?		he was also charged with the arson of fantoft stave church , although the jurors found him not guilty .		what happened in the other cases ?		by january 1993 , arson attacks had occurred on at least seven other major stave churches , including one on christmas eve of 1992 .		was he accused in any of these other cases ?		the arson and attempted arson of asane church and storetveit church , respectively , in bergen , the arson of skjold church in vindafjord , and the arson of holmenkollen chapel in oslo .		was he ever convicted ?		vikernes was found guilty of several of these cases :		how did he attempt to defend himself ?		i am not going to say that i burnt any churches . but let me put it this way : there was one person who started it .		what else did he have to say about the church burnings ?		what else did vikernes have to say about the church arsons aside from his defense ?
varg vikernes		arson of churches		did varg commit any arson ?		vikernes was found guilty of several of these cases :		when was the first case ?		on 6 june 1992 , the fantoft stave church , dating from the 12th century and considered architecturally significant , was burned		why did he burn it ?		at the time , claims were made by media outlets that vikernes was associated with theistic satanism .		were there other claims or comments made about this case ?		in an interview with michael moynihan , vikernes made a statement about the church burnings that hints at a heathen rather than a satanist motivation :		did this case go to court ?		he was also charged with the arson of fantoft stave church , although the jurors found him not guilty .		what happened in the other cases ?		by january 1993 , arson attacks had occurred on at least seven other major stave churches , including one on christmas eve of 1992 .		was he accused in any of these other cases ?		the arson and attempted arson of asane church and storetveit church , respectively , in bergen , the arson of skjold church in vindafjord , and the arson of holmenkollen chapel in oslo .		was he ever convicted ?		vikernes was found guilty of several of these cases :		how did he attempt to defend himself ?		i am not going to say that i burnt any churches . but let me put it this way : there was one person who started it .		what else did he have to say about the church burnings ?		they [ the christians ] desecrated our graves , our burial mounds , so it 's revenge .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article in addition to revenge by the christians ?
varg vikernes		bergens tidende article		what is bergens tidende ?		what is bergens tidende ?
varg vikernes		bergens tidende article		what is bergens tidende ?		in january 1993 , an article in one of norway 's biggest newspapers , bergens tidende ( bt ) , brought the black metal scene into the media spotlight .		what was the reason for this ?		why did bergens tidende ( bt ) bring the black metal scene into the media spotlight ?
varg vikernes		bergens tidende article		what is bergens tidende ?		in january 1993 , an article in one of norway 's biggest newspapers , bergens tidende ( bt ) , brought the black metal scene into the media spotlight .		what was the reason for this ?		two friends of vikernes interviewed him and brought the interview to the newspaper , hoping they would print it . in the		what happened in the interview ?		what happened in the bt interview with vikernes ?
varg vikernes		bergens tidende article		what is bergens tidende ?		in january 1993 , an article in one of norway 's biggest newspapers , bergens tidende ( bt ) , brought the black metal scene into the media spotlight .		what was the reason for this ?		two friends of vikernes interviewed him and brought the interview to the newspaper , hoping they would print it . in the		what happened in the interview ?		' ( vikernes ) claimed to have burnt the churches and killed a man in lillehammer . bt journalist finn bjorn tonder set up a meeting with ' count grishnackh ' ,		did the meeting happen ?		did the bt interview with vikernes happen ?
varg vikernes		bergens tidende article		what is bergens tidende ?		in january 1993 , an article in one of norway 's biggest newspapers , bergens tidende ( bt ) , brought the black metal scene into the media spotlight .		what was the reason for this ?		two friends of vikernes interviewed him and brought the interview to the newspaper , hoping they would print it . in the		what happened in the interview ?		' ( vikernes ) claimed to have burnt the churches and killed a man in lillehammer . bt journalist finn bjorn tonder set up a meeting with ' count grishnackh ' ,		did the meeting happen ?		journalists were summoned to an apartment and reportedly warned that they would be shot if the police were called . there ,		when they met what happened ?		what happened when the journalist met with vikernes ?
varg vikernes		bergens tidende article		what is bergens tidende ?		in january 1993 , an article in one of norway 's biggest newspapers , bergens tidende ( bt ) , brought the black metal scene into the media spotlight .		what was the reason for this ?		two friends of vikernes interviewed him and brought the interview to the newspaper , hoping they would print it . in the		what happened in the interview ?		' ( vikernes ) claimed to have burnt the churches and killed a man in lillehammer . bt journalist finn bjorn tonder set up a meeting with ' count grishnackh ' ,		did the meeting happen ?		journalists were summoned to an apartment and reportedly warned that they would be shot if the police were called . there ,		when they met what happened ?		vikernes and his companions told the journalists that they had burnt the churches , or knew who had done it , and said that the attacks would continue .		did the attacks continue ?		did vikernes 's attacks on churches continue ?
varg vikernes		bergens tidende article		what is bergens tidende ?		in january 1993 , an article in one of norway 's biggest newspapers , bergens tidende ( bt ) , brought the black metal scene into the media spotlight .		what was the reason for this ?		two friends of vikernes interviewed him and brought the interview to the newspaper , hoping they would print it . in the		what happened in the interview ?		' ( vikernes ) claimed to have burnt the churches and killed a man in lillehammer . bt journalist finn bjorn tonder set up a meeting with ' count grishnackh ' ,		did the meeting happen ?		journalists were summoned to an apartment and reportedly warned that they would be shot if the police were called . there ,		when they met what happened ?		vikernes and his companions told the journalists that they had burnt the churches , or knew who had done it , and said that the attacks would continue .		did the attacks continue ?		by the time the article was printed , vikernes had already been arrested .		was the interview published ?		was the bt interview with vikernes published ?
varg vikernes		bergens tidende article		what is bergens tidende ?		in january 1993 , an article in one of norway 's biggest newspapers , bergens tidende ( bt ) , brought the black metal scene into the media spotlight .		what was the reason for this ?		two friends of vikernes interviewed him and brought the interview to the newspaper , hoping they would print it . in the		what happened in the interview ?		' ( vikernes ) claimed to have burnt the churches and killed a man in lillehammer . bt journalist finn bjorn tonder set up a meeting with ' count grishnackh ' ,		did the meeting happen ?		journalists were summoned to an apartment and reportedly warned that they would be shot if the police were called . there ,		when they met what happened ?		vikernes and his companions told the journalists that they had burnt the churches , or knew who had done it , and said that the attacks would continue .		did the attacks continue ?		by the time the article was printed , vikernes had already been arrested .		was the interview published ?		20 january as the front page of the bt . it was headlined " we lit the fires " and included a photo of vikernes , his face mostly hidden , holding two large knives .		what was the reaction to the article ?		what was the public 's reaction to the bt article with vikernes ?
varg vikernes		bergens tidende article		what is bergens tidende ?		in january 1993 , an article in one of norway 's biggest newspapers , bergens tidende ( bt ) , brought the black metal scene into the media spotlight .		what was the reason for this ?		two friends of vikernes interviewed him and brought the interview to the newspaper , hoping they would print it . in the		what happened in the interview ?		' ( vikernes ) claimed to have burnt the churches and killed a man in lillehammer . bt journalist finn bjorn tonder set up a meeting with ' count grishnackh ' ,		did the meeting happen ?		journalists were summoned to an apartment and reportedly warned that they would be shot if the police were called . there ,		when they met what happened ?		vikernes and his companions told the journalists that they had burnt the churches , or knew who had done it , and said that the attacks would continue .		did the attacks continue ?		by the time the article was printed , vikernes had already been arrested .		was the interview published ?		20 january as the front page of the bt . it was headlined " we lit the fires " and included a photo of vikernes , his face mostly hidden , holding two large knives .		what was the reaction to the article ?		according to vikernes , the anonymous interview was planned by himself and euronymous . the goal , he says , was to scare people , promote black metal		did vikernes say anything else about the article ?		did vikernes say anything else about the article with bt besides his controversial church - burning statements ?
varg vikernes		bergens tidende article		what is bergens tidende ?		in january 1993 , an article in one of norway 's biggest newspapers , bergens tidende ( bt ) , brought the black metal scene into the media spotlight .		what was the reason for this ?		two friends of vikernes interviewed him and brought the interview to the newspaper , hoping they would print it . in the		what happened in the interview ?		' ( vikernes ) claimed to have burnt the churches and killed a man in lillehammer . bt journalist finn bjorn tonder set up a meeting with ' count grishnackh ' ,		did the meeting happen ?		journalists were summoned to an apartment and reportedly warned that they would be shot if the police were called . there ,		when they met what happened ?		vikernes and his companions told the journalists that they had burnt the churches , or knew who had done it , and said that the attacks would continue .		did the attacks continue ?		by the time the article was printed , vikernes had already been arrested .		was the interview published ?		20 january as the front page of the bt . it was headlined " we lit the fires " and included a photo of vikernes , his face mostly hidden , holding two large knives .		what was the reaction to the article ?		according to vikernes , the anonymous interview was planned by himself and euronymous . the goal , he says , was to scare people , promote black metal		did vikernes say anything else about the article ?		" i exaggerated a lot and when the journalist left we [ ... ] had a good laugh , because he did n't seem to understand that i was pulling his leg " .		did he say more about it ?		did vikernes say anything more about the article with bt ?
varg vikernes		bergens tidende article		what is bergens tidende ?		in january 1993 , an article in one of norway 's biggest newspapers , bergens tidende ( bt ) , brought the black metal scene into the media spotlight .		what was the reason for this ?		two friends of vikernes interviewed him and brought the interview to the newspaper , hoping they would print it . in the		what happened in the interview ?		' ( vikernes ) claimed to have burnt the churches and killed a man in lillehammer . bt journalist finn bjorn tonder set up a meeting with ' count grishnackh ' ,		did the meeting happen ?		journalists were summoned to an apartment and reportedly warned that they would be shot if the police were called . there ,		when they met what happened ?		vikernes and his companions told the journalists that they had burnt the churches , or knew who had done it , and said that the attacks would continue .		did the attacks continue ?		by the time the article was printed , vikernes had already been arrested .		was the interview published ?		20 january as the front page of the bt . it was headlined " we lit the fires " and included a photo of vikernes , his face mostly hidden , holding two large knives .		what was the reaction to the article ?		according to vikernes , the anonymous interview was planned by himself and euronymous . the goal , he says , was to scare people , promote black metal		did vikernes say anything else about the article ?		" i exaggerated a lot and when the journalist left we [ ... ] had a good laugh , because he did n't seem to understand that i was pulling his leg " .		did he say more about it ?		vikernes claims that , after he was arrested , " the journalist edited the interview and [ ... ] published an insane version of it the following day , without even letting me read through it . "		were there any consequences as a result of the article ?		were there any consequences as a result of vikernes 's article with bt ?
varg vikernes		bergens tidende article		what is bergens tidende ?		in january 1993 , an article in one of norway 's biggest newspapers , bergens tidende ( bt ) , brought the black metal scene into the media spotlight .		what was the reason for this ?		two friends of vikernes interviewed him and brought the interview to the newspaper , hoping they would print it . in the		what happened in the interview ?		' ( vikernes ) claimed to have burnt the churches and killed a man in lillehammer . bt journalist finn bjorn tonder set up a meeting with ' count grishnackh ' ,		did the meeting happen ?		journalists were summoned to an apartment and reportedly warned that they would be shot if the police were called . there ,		when they met what happened ?		vikernes and his companions told the journalists that they had burnt the churches , or knew who had done it , and said that the attacks would continue .		did the attacks continue ?		by the time the article was printed , vikernes had already been arrested .		was the interview published ?		20 january as the front page of the bt . it was headlined " we lit the fires " and included a photo of vikernes , his face mostly hidden , holding two large knives .		what was the reaction to the article ?		according to vikernes , the anonymous interview was planned by himself and euronymous . the goal , he says , was to scare people , promote black metal		did vikernes say anything else about the article ?		" i exaggerated a lot and when the journalist left we [ ... ] had a good laugh , because he did n't seem to understand that i was pulling his leg " .		did he say more about it ?		vikernes claims that , after he was arrested , " the journalist edited the interview and [ ... ] published an insane version of it the following day , without even letting me read through it . "		were there any consequences as a result of the article ?		the interview had " grave consequences " for the rest of the scene and that they did not know he was going to talk to the press , as " he had said nothing " .		do they elaborate on the consequences ?		what were the consequences as a result of vikernes 's article with bt ?
lillie langtry		royal mistress		who 's mistress was lillie langtry ?		who 's mistress was lillie langtry ?
lillie langtry		royal mistress		who 's mistress was lillie langtry ?		prince		how did they meet ?		how did prince meet lillie langtry ?
lillie langtry		royal mistress		who 's mistress was lillie langtry ?		prince		how did they meet ?		seated at the other end of the table .		how long did their affair last ?		how long did the affair between prince and lillie langtry last ?
lillie langtry		royal mistress		who 's mistress was lillie langtry ?		prince		how did they meet ?		seated at the other end of the table .		how long did their affair last ?		had six children ,		why did their affair end ?		why did the affair between prince and lillie langtry end ?
lillie langtry		royal mistress		who 's mistress was lillie langtry ?		prince		how did they meet ?		seated at the other end of the table .		how long did their affair last ?		had six children ,		why did their affair end ?		lillie langtry 's physical relationship with him ended when she became pregnant ,		did she have affairs with anyone else ?		did lillie langtry have affairs with anyone else , besides prince ?
lillie langtry		royal mistress		who 's mistress was lillie langtry ?		prince		how did they meet ?		seated at the other end of the table .		how long did their affair last ?		had six children ,		why did their affair end ?		lillie langtry 's physical relationship with him ended when she became pregnant ,		did she have affairs with anyone else ?		she became pregnant , probably by her old friend arthur jones		what was the child 's name ?		what was lillie langtry 's child 's name ?
lillie langtry		royal mistress		who 's mistress was lillie langtry ?		prince		how did they meet ?		seated at the other end of the table .		how long did their affair last ?		had six children ,		why did their affair end ?		lillie langtry 's physical relationship with him ended when she became pregnant ,		did she have affairs with anyone else ?		she became pregnant , probably by her old friend arthur jones		what was the child 's name ?		jeanne marie ,		did she stay successful ?		did lillie langtry stay successful ?
lillie langtry		royal mistress		who 's mistress was lillie langtry ?		prince		how did they meet ?		seated at the other end of the table .		how long did their affair last ?		had six children ,		why did their affair end ?		lillie langtry 's physical relationship with him ended when she became pregnant ,		did she have affairs with anyone else ?		she became pregnant , probably by her old friend arthur jones		what was the child 's name ?		jeanne marie ,		did she stay successful ?		she went to paris		what was her occupation ?		what was lillie langtry 's occupation ?
that was the week that was		reception		what was the reception about		what was the reception about
that was the week that was		reception		what was the reception about		bbc received many complaints from organisations and establishment figures .		why did they recieve complaints ?		why did bbc recieve complaints ?
that was the week that was		reception		what was the reception about		bbc received many complaints from organisations and establishment figures .		why did they recieve complaints ?		that frost had a " hatred " of the prime minister , which " he finds impossible to control " .		why did frost hate the prime minister ?		why did frost hate the prime minister ?
that was the week that was		reception		what was the reception about		bbc received many complaints from organisations and establishment figures .		why did they recieve complaints ?		that frost had a " hatred " of the prime minister , which " he finds impossible to control " .		why did frost hate the prime minister ?		i do n't know .		what else about the reception that is interesting ?		besides the bbc complaints what else about the reception that is interesting ?
that was the week that was		reception		what was the reception about		bbc received many complaints from organisations and establishment figures .		why did they recieve complaints ?		that frost had a " hatred " of the prime minister , which " he finds impossible to control " .		why did frost hate the prime minister ?		i do n't know .		what else about the reception that is interesting ?		also attracted complaints from the boy scout association ,		why did boy scouts have an issue ?		why did boy scouts have an issue ?
that was the week that was		reception		what was the reception about		bbc received many complaints from organisations and establishment figures .		why did they recieve complaints ?		that frost had a " hatred " of the prime minister , which " he finds impossible to control " .		why did frost hate the prime minister ?		i do n't know .		what else about the reception that is interesting ?		also attracted complaints from the boy scout association ,		why did boy scouts have an issue ?		upset by an item questioning the sexuality of its founder lord baden - powell ,		what sexuality was lord baden powell ?		what sexuality was lord baden powell ?
ursula k. le guin		influences		what influenced her ?		what influenced le guin ?
ursula k. le guin		influences		what influenced her ?		le guin was influenced by fantasy writers ,		who were they ?		who were le guin fantasy writers ?
ursula k. le guin		influences		what influenced her ?		le guin was influenced by fantasy writers ,		who were they ?		j. r. r. tolkien , by science fiction writers ,		how did they influence her ?		how did fantasy writers influence le guin ?
ursula k. le guin		influences		what influenced her ?		le guin was influenced by fantasy writers ,		who were they ?		j. r. r. tolkien , by science fiction writers ,		how did they influence her ?		her influences , she replied : once i learned to read , i read everything . i read all the famous fantasies		which other fantasy writer influenced her ?		besides j. r. r. tolkien which other fantasy writer influenced le guin ?
ursula k. le guin		influences		what influenced her ?		le guin was influenced by fantasy writers ,		who were they ?		j. r. r. tolkien , by science fiction writers ,		how did they influence her ?		her influences , she replied : once i learned to read , i read everything . i read all the famous fantasies		which other fantasy writer influenced her ?		including philip k. dick ( who was in her high school class ,		how did philip influence her ?		how did philip influence le guin ?
ursula k. le guin		influences		what influenced her ?		le guin was influenced by fantasy writers ,		who were they ?		j. r. r. tolkien , by science fiction writers ,		how did they influence her ?		her influences , she replied : once i learned to read , i read everything . i read all the famous fantasies		which other fantasy writer influenced her ?		including philip k. dick ( who was in her high school class ,		how did philip influence her ?		i do n't know .		did she have other influences other than fantasy writers ?		along with philip k. dick did le guin have other influences other than fantasy writers ?
ursula k. le guin		influences		what influenced her ?		le guin was influenced by fantasy writers ,		who were they ?		j. r. r. tolkien , by science fiction writers ,		how did they influence her ?		her influences , she replied : once i learned to read , i read everything . i read all the famous fantasies		which other fantasy writer influenced her ?		including philip k. dick ( who was in her high school class ,		how did philip influence her ?		i do n't know .		did she have other influences other than fantasy writers ?		by feminist writers such as virginia woolf ,		and which other feminist writers ?		besides virginia woolf and which other feminist writers ?
ursula k. le guin		influences		what influenced her ?		le guin was influenced by fantasy writers ,		who were they ?		j. r. r. tolkien , by science fiction writers ,		how did they influence her ?		her influences , she replied : once i learned to read , i read everything . i read all the famous fantasies		which other fantasy writer influenced her ?		including philip k. dick ( who was in her high school class ,		how did philip influence her ?		i do n't know .		did she have other influences other than fantasy writers ?		by feminist writers such as virginia woolf ,		and which other feminist writers ?		i do n't know .		what was her biggest influence ?		what was le guin 's biggest influence ?
ursula k. le guin		influences		what influenced her ?		le guin was influenced by fantasy writers ,		who were they ?		j. r. r. tolkien , by science fiction writers ,		how did they influence her ?		her influences , she replied : once i learned to read , i read everything . i read all the famous fantasies		which other fantasy writer influenced her ?		including philip k. dick ( who was in her high school class ,		how did philip influence her ?		i do n't know .		did she have other influences other than fantasy writers ?		by feminist writers such as virginia woolf ,		and which other feminist writers ?		i do n't know .		what was her biggest influence ?		she read j. r. r. tolkien 's the lord of the rings , which had an enormous impact on her .		what influence did it have ?		what influence did the lord of the rings have ?
tim kaine		grand strategy and democracy promotion		what was tim kaine 's grand strategy ?		what was tim kaine 's grand strategy ?
tim kaine		grand strategy and democracy promotion		what was tim kaine 's grand strategy ?		kaine believes that the united states should work to support democracy in already democratic countries , as democracy globally has been declining for many years .		how did he work to promote democracy ?		how did tim kaine work to promote democracy ?
tim kaine		grand strategy and democracy promotion		what was tim kaine 's grand strategy ?		kaine believes that the united states should work to support democracy in already democratic countries , as democracy globally has been declining for many years .		how did he work to promote democracy ?		kaine proposes the creation of an intergovernmental organization consisting of all the world 's democracies in which states can cooperate on solutions		does he have the backing of other politicians ?		does tim kaine have the backing of other politicians besides democrats ?
tim kaine		grand strategy and democracy promotion		what was tim kaine 's grand strategy ?		kaine believes that the united states should work to support democracy in already democratic countries , as democracy globally has been declining for many years .		how did he work to promote democracy ?		kaine proposes the creation of an intergovernmental organization consisting of all the world 's democracies in which states can cooperate on solutions		does he have the backing of other politicians ?		i do n't know .		what else is interesting about this article ?		what else besides promoting democracy is interesting about this article ?
tim kaine		grand strategy and democracy promotion		what was tim kaine 's grand strategy ?		kaine believes that the united states should work to support democracy in already democratic countries , as democracy globally has been declining for many years .		how did he work to promote democracy ?		kaine proposes the creation of an intergovernmental organization consisting of all the world 's democracies in which states can cooperate on solutions		does he have the backing of other politicians ?		i do n't know .		what else is interesting about this article ?		this lack of grand strategy makes american actions seem random , complicating the policy making process and hindering efforts by american leaders		what do other countries thing of the policy ?		what do other countries besides the unites states think of the policy ?
anna ella carroll		1850s political career		what made anna get into politics ?		what made anna ella carroll get into politics ?
anna ella carroll		1850s political career		what made anna get into politics ?		carroll joined the american party ( the know nothing party ) following the demise of the whigs .		where was she when she started the american party ?		where was anna ella carroll when she started the american party ?
anna ella carroll		1850s political career		what made anna get into politics ?		carroll joined the american party ( the know nothing party ) following the demise of the whigs .		where was she when she started the american party ?		i do n't know .		what else did she do in her political years ?		what else did anna ella carroll do in her political years aside from starting the american party ? ?
anna ella carroll		1850s political career		what made anna get into politics ?		carroll joined the american party ( the know nothing party ) following the demise of the whigs .		where was she when she started the american party ?		i do n't know .		what else did she do in her political years ?		campaigned by writing against urban machine corruption , crime , and what was perceived as the political threat of the power of the catholic church .		where was she when writing this ?		where was anna ella carroll when wrote against urban machine corruption , crime , and what was perceived as the political threat of the power of the catholic church ? ?
anna ella carroll		1850s political career		what made anna get into politics ?		carroll joined the american party ( the know nothing party ) following the demise of the whigs .		where was she when she started the american party ?		i do n't know .		what else did she do in her political years ?		campaigned by writing against urban machine corruption , crime , and what was perceived as the political threat of the power of the catholic church .		where was she when writing this ?		in maryland		what was her plan or outcome for doing this ?		what was anna ella carroll 's plan or outcome for writing against urban machine corruption , crime , and what was perceived as the political threat of the power of the catholic church
the tragically hip		day for night and trouble at the henhouse to live between us		did they get any awards during this period ?		did the tragically hip get any awards during their day for night and trouble at the henhouse to live between us period ?
the tragically hip		day for night and trouble at the henhouse to live between us		did they get any awards during this period ?		i do n't know .		what songs did they sing ?		what songs did the tragically hip sing ?
the tragically hip		day for night and trouble at the henhouse to live between us		did they get any awards during this period ?		i do n't know .		what songs did they sing ?		nautical disaster " and " grace , too		what countries did they perform in ?		what countries did the tragically hip perform in ?
the tragically hip		day for night and trouble at the henhouse to live between us		did they get any awards during this period ?		i do n't know .		what songs did they sing ?		nautical disaster " and " grace , too		what countries did they perform in ?		edenfest . the three - day concert took place at mosport park , in bowmanville , ontario , canada ,		what was their top hit ?		what was the tragically hip 's top hit ?
the tragically hip		day for night and trouble at the henhouse to live between us		did they get any awards during this period ?		i do n't know .		what songs did they sing ?		nautical disaster " and " grace , too		what countries did they perform in ?		edenfest . the three - day concert took place at mosport park , in bowmanville , ontario , canada ,		what was their top hit ?		trouble at the henhouse		did the members change any ?		did the tragically hip change any members ?
gary oldman		resurgence and franchise stardom ( 2004 - 2014 )		what was his resurgence or comeback role ?		what was the resurgence or comeback role for actor gary oldman ?
gary oldman		resurgence and franchise stardom ( 2004 - 2014 )		what was his resurgence or comeback role ?		in 2004 , oldman returned to prominence when he landed a significant role in the harry potter film series , playing harry potter 's godfather sirius black .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article about gary oldman besides his role in harry potter ?
gary oldman		resurgence and franchise stardom ( 2004 - 2014 )		what was his resurgence or comeback role ?		in 2004 , oldman returned to prominence when he landed a significant role in the harry potter film series , playing harry potter 's godfather sirius black .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		oldman received strong reviews and earned his first academy award nomination and a bafta award nomination		what role did he receive that for ?		what role did gary oldman receive a nomination for besides harry potter ?
gary oldman		resurgence and franchise stardom ( 2004 - 2014 )		what was his resurgence or comeback role ?		in 2004 , oldman returned to prominence when he landed a significant role in the harry potter film series , playing harry potter 's godfather sirius black .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		oldman received strong reviews and earned his first academy award nomination and a bafta award nomination		what role did he receive that for ?		portrayal of british spy george smiley in tinker tailor soldier spy ( 2011 ) ,		did he ever have a starring role ?		did gary oldman ever have a starring role besides in harry potter ?
gary oldman		resurgence and franchise stardom ( 2004 - 2014 )		what was his resurgence or comeback role ?		in 2004 , oldman returned to prominence when he landed a significant role in the harry potter film series , playing harry potter 's godfather sirius black .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		oldman received strong reviews and earned his first academy award nomination and a bafta award nomination		what role did he receive that for ?		portrayal of british spy george smiley in tinker tailor soldier spy ( 2011 ) ,		did he ever have a starring role ?		starred as james gordon in christopher nolan 's commercially and critically successful batman begins ,		was that movie a success ?		was harry potter a success for gary oldman ?
gary oldman		resurgence and franchise stardom ( 2004 - 2014 )		what was his resurgence or comeback role ?		in 2004 , oldman returned to prominence when he landed a significant role in the harry potter film series , playing harry potter 's godfather sirius black .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		oldman received strong reviews and earned his first academy award nomination and a bafta award nomination		what role did he receive that for ?		portrayal of british spy george smiley in tinker tailor soldier spy ( 2011 ) ,		did he ever have a starring role ?		starred as james gordon in christopher nolan 's commercially and critically successful batman begins ,		was that movie a success ?		oldman received strong reviews and earned his first academy award nomination		did he ever win any other awards ?		did gary oldman ever win any other awards besides the academy award nomination ?
gary oldman		mainstream success ( 1991 - 2001 )		what garnered his success ?		what garnered gary oldman 's success ?
gary oldman		mainstream success ( 1991 - 2001 )		what garnered his success ?		in 1991 , oldman starred in his first us blockbuster , playing lee harvey oswald in oliver stone 's jfk .		was it successful ?		was gary oldman 's first movie jfk successful ?
gary oldman		mainstream success ( 1991 - 2001 )		what garnered his success ?		in 1991 , oldman starred in his first us blockbuster , playing lee harvey oswald in oliver stone 's jfk .		was it successful ?		in 1991 , oldman starred in his first us blockbuster , playing lee harvey oswald in oliver stone 's jfk .		what did he do in 2000 of note ?		what did gary oldman do in 2000 of note ?
gary oldman		mainstream success ( 1991 - 2001 )		what garnered his success ?		in 1991 , oldman starred in his first us blockbuster , playing lee harvey oswald in oliver stone 's jfk .		was it successful ?		in 1991 , oldman starred in his first us blockbuster , playing lee harvey oswald in oliver stone 's jfk .		what did he do in 2000 of note ?		appeared opposite jeff bridges as zealous republican congressman sheldon runyon in the contender ( 2000 ) , in which he was also credited as a producer .		did he receive any recognition for this ?		did gary oldman receive any recognition for the contender ?
gary oldman		mainstream success ( 1991 - 2001 )		what garnered his success ?		in 1991 , oldman starred in his first us blockbuster , playing lee harvey oswald in oliver stone 's jfk .		was it successful ?		in 1991 , oldman starred in his first us blockbuster , playing lee harvey oswald in oliver stone 's jfk .		what did he do in 2000 of note ?		appeared opposite jeff bridges as zealous republican congressman sheldon runyon in the contender ( 2000 ) , in which he was also credited as a producer .		did he receive any recognition for this ?		oldman received a screen actors guild award nomination for his performance .		did he ever do any foreign films during this time ?		did gary oldman ever do any foreign films during 2000 ?
gary oldman		mainstream success ( 1991 - 2001 )		what garnered his success ?		in 1991 , oldman starred in his first us blockbuster , playing lee harvey oswald in oliver stone 's jfk .		was it successful ?		in 1991 , oldman starred in his first us blockbuster , playing lee harvey oswald in oliver stone 's jfk .		what did he do in 2000 of note ?		appeared opposite jeff bridges as zealous republican congressman sheldon runyon in the contender ( 2000 ) , in which he was also credited as a producer .		did he receive any recognition for this ?		oldman received a screen actors guild award nomination for his performance .		did he ever do any foreign films during this time ?		i do n't know .		what was his most successful film during this time ?		what was gary oldman 's most successful film in 2000 ?
gary oldman		mainstream success ( 1991 - 2001 )		what garnered his success ?		in 1991 , oldman starred in his first us blockbuster , playing lee harvey oswald in oliver stone 's jfk .		was it successful ?		in 1991 , oldman starred in his first us blockbuster , playing lee harvey oswald in oliver stone 's jfk .		what did he do in 2000 of note ?		appeared opposite jeff bridges as zealous republican congressman sheldon runyon in the contender ( 2000 ) , in which he was also credited as a producer .		did he receive any recognition for this ?		oldman received a screen actors guild award nomination for his performance .		did he ever do any foreign films during this time ?		i do n't know .		what was his most successful film during this time ?		a commercially successful film adaptation of bram stoker 's 1897 novel , it was a box office success worldwide .		did he promote this film at all ?		did gary oldman promote the film dracula ?
hank snow		nashville calls		what led him to nashville		what led hank snow to nashville ?
hank snow		nashville calls		what led him to nashville		snow moved to nashville , tennessee , in 1945 , and " hank snow , the singing ranger " (		where did he get his start in nasville		where did hank snow get his start in nashville ?
hank snow		nashville calls		what led him to nashville		snow moved to nashville , tennessee , in 1945 , and " hank snow , the singing ranger " (		where did he get his start in nasville		his first release in the united states , " marriage vow " climbed to number ten on the country charts in the fall of 1949 ;		what was his most popular song ?		what was hank snow 's most popular song ?
hank snow		nashville calls		what led him to nashville		snow moved to nashville , tennessee , in 1945 , and " hank snow , the singing ranger " (		where did he get his start in nasville		his first release in the united states , " marriage vow " climbed to number ten on the country charts in the fall of 1949 ;		what was his most popular song ?		that same year " the golden rocket " and " the rhumba boogie " both hit number one with the latter remaining no . 1 for eight weeks .		did he win any awards		did hank snow win any awards ?
hank snow		nashville calls		what led him to nashville		snow moved to nashville , tennessee , in 1945 , and " hank snow , the singing ranger " (		where did he get his start in nasville		his first release in the united states , " marriage vow " climbed to number ten on the country charts in the fall of 1949 ;		what was his most popular song ?		that same year " the golden rocket " and " the rhumba boogie " both hit number one with the latter remaining no . 1 for eight weeks .		did he win any awards		i do n't know .		did he play any live shows ?		did hank snow play any live shows ?
tan dun		symphonies , concertos , and chamber works		what is one of the concertos he wrote ?		what is one of the concertos tan dun wrote ?
tan dun		symphonies , concertos , and chamber works		what is one of the concertos he wrote ?		yi series , named for the i ching ( yi jing in pinyin ) .		was this performed live anywhere ?		were the yi series performed live anywhere ?
tan dun		symphonies , concertos , and chamber works		what is one of the concertos he wrote ?		yi series , named for the i ching ( yi jing in pinyin ) .		was this performed live anywhere ?		i do n't know .		what was another piece that he wrote ?		aside from the yi series , what was another piece that tan dun wrote ?
tan dun		symphonies , concertos , and chamber works		what is one of the concertos he wrote ?		yi series , named for the i ching ( yi jing in pinyin ) .		was this performed live anywhere ?		i do n't know .		what was another piece that he wrote ?		in 2008 , tan dun was commissioned by google and youtube to write an inaugural symphony for the youtube symphony orchestra ( ytso ) project .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from the youtube symphony orchestra project , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
tan dun		symphonies , concertos , and chamber works		what is one of the concertos he wrote ?		yi series , named for the i ching ( yi jing in pinyin ) .		was this performed live anywhere ?		i do n't know .		what was another piece that he wrote ?		in 2008 , tan dun was commissioned by google and youtube to write an inaugural symphony for the youtube symphony orchestra ( ytso ) project .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in april 2009 , a mashup video of the submissions was premiered at carnegie hall , followed by a live performance of the work .		what was the title of the piece he wrote for google and youtube ?		what was the title of the piece tan dun wrote for google and youtube ?
tan dun		symphonies , concertos , and chamber works		what is one of the concertos he wrote ?		yi series , named for the i ching ( yi jing in pinyin ) .		was this performed live anywhere ?		i do n't know .		what was another piece that he wrote ?		in 2008 , tan dun was commissioned by google and youtube to write an inaugural symphony for the youtube symphony orchestra ( ytso ) project .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in april 2009 , a mashup video of the submissions was premiered at carnegie hall , followed by a live performance of the work .		what was the title of the piece he wrote for google and youtube ?		eroica		does the article disclose how much they paid him for that ?		how much did google and youtube pay tan dun for eroica ?
tan dun		symphonies , concertos , and chamber works		what is one of the concertos he wrote ?		yi series , named for the i ching ( yi jing in pinyin ) .		was this performed live anywhere ?		i do n't know .		what was another piece that he wrote ?		in 2008 , tan dun was commissioned by google and youtube to write an inaugural symphony for the youtube symphony orchestra ( ytso ) project .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in april 2009 , a mashup video of the submissions was premiered at carnegie hall , followed by a live performance of the work .		what was the title of the piece he wrote for google and youtube ?		eroica		does the article disclose how much they paid him for that ?		i do n't know .		does he write for specific instruments , like the piano for example ?		does tan dun write for specific instruments , like the piano for example ?
tan dun		symphonies , concertos , and chamber works		what is one of the concertos he wrote ?		yi series , named for the i ching ( yi jing in pinyin ) .		was this performed live anywhere ?		i do n't know .		what was another piece that he wrote ?		in 2008 , tan dun was commissioned by google and youtube to write an inaugural symphony for the youtube symphony orchestra ( ytso ) project .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in april 2009 , a mashup video of the submissions was premiered at carnegie hall , followed by a live performance of the work .		what was the title of the piece he wrote for google and youtube ?		eroica		does the article disclose how much they paid him for that ?		i do n't know .		does he write for specific instruments , like the piano for example ?		the cello soloists		when did he begin writing these pieces ?		when did tan dun begin writing cello solo pieces ?
tan dun		symphonies , concertos , and chamber works		what is one of the concertos he wrote ?		yi series , named for the i ching ( yi jing in pinyin ) .		was this performed live anywhere ?		i do n't know .		what was another piece that he wrote ?		in 2008 , tan dun was commissioned by google and youtube to write an inaugural symphony for the youtube symphony orchestra ( ytso ) project .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in april 2009 , a mashup video of the submissions was premiered at carnegie hall , followed by a live performance of the work .		what was the title of the piece he wrote for google and youtube ?		eroica		does the article disclose how much they paid him for that ?		i do n't know .		does he write for specific instruments , like the piano for example ?		the cello soloists		when did he begin writing these pieces ?		in the mid-1990s ,		is there another piece that he wrote mentioned in the article ?		is there another piece aside from eroica written by tan dun mentioned in the article ?
tan dun		symphonies , concertos , and chamber works		what is one of the concertos he wrote ?		yi series , named for the i ching ( yi jing in pinyin ) .		was this performed live anywhere ?		i do n't know .		what was another piece that he wrote ?		in 2008 , tan dun was commissioned by google and youtube to write an inaugural symphony for the youtube symphony orchestra ( ytso ) project .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in april 2009 , a mashup video of the submissions was premiered at carnegie hall , followed by a live performance of the work .		what was the title of the piece he wrote for google and youtube ?		eroica		does the article disclose how much they paid him for that ?		i do n't know .		does he write for specific instruments , like the piano for example ?		the cello soloists		when did he begin writing these pieces ?		in the mid-1990s ,		is there another piece that he wrote mentioned in the article ?		originally titled secret land , tan dun wrote a concerto for twelve solo cellos and orchestra called four secret road of marco polo (		when did he write that ?		when did tan dun write secret land ?
chaldea		land		what was the relation between chaldea and the land ?		what was the relation between chaldea and the land ?
chaldea		land		what was the relation between chaldea and the land ?		chaldea describes two separate territories .		when did describe the territories ?		when did chaldea describe the territories ?
chaldea		land		what was the relation between chaldea and the land ?		chaldea describes two separate territories .		when did describe the territories ?		it was the name of a small sporadically independent migrant - founded territory under the domination of the neo - assyrian empire		where was the territory located ?		where was the territory which were described by chaldea located ?
chaldea		land		what was the relation between chaldea and the land ?		chaldea describes two separate territories .		when did describe the territories ?		it was the name of a small sporadically independent migrant - founded territory under the domination of the neo - assyrian empire		where was the territory located ?		in southeastern babylonia , extending to the western shores of the persian gulf .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects in addition to chaldea territories ?
chaldea		land		what was the relation between chaldea and the land ?		chaldea describes two separate territories .		when did describe the territories ?		it was the name of a small sporadically independent migrant - founded territory under the domination of the neo - assyrian empire		where was the territory located ?		in southeastern babylonia , extending to the western shores of the persian gulf .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the boundaries of the early lands settled by chaldeans in the early 800s bc have not been identified with precision by historians .		who later identified it ?		who later identified chaldea ?
chaldea		land		what was the relation between chaldea and the land ?		chaldea describes two separate territories .		when did describe the territories ?		it was the name of a small sporadically independent migrant - founded territory under the domination of the neo - assyrian empire		where was the territory located ?		in southeastern babylonia , extending to the western shores of the persian gulf .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the boundaries of the early lands settled by chaldeans in the early 800s bc have not been identified with precision by historians .		who later identified it ?		i do n't know .		what does he referred it as ?		what does the man who late identified territories referred it as ?
paul verhoeven		filmmaking in the united states ( 1983 - 2000 )		what was the first film he did in the us ?		what was the first film paul verhoeven did in the us ?
paul verhoeven		filmmaking in the united states ( 1983 - 2000 )		what was the first film he did in the us ?		flesh and blood ( 1985 ) ,		what genre of films did he make ?		what genre of films did paul verhoeven make ?
paul verhoeven		filmmaking in the united states ( 1983 - 2000 )		what was the first film he did in the us ?		flesh and blood ( 1985 ) ,		what genre of films did he make ?		big - budget , very violent , special - effects - heavy smashes		what year did his first film debut ?		what year did was paul verhoeven 's first film debut ?
paul verhoeven		filmmaking in the united states ( 1983 - 2000 )		what was the first film he did in the us ?		flesh and blood ( 1985 ) ,		what genre of films did he make ?		big - budget , very violent , special - effects - heavy smashes		what year did his first film debut ?		first american film , flesh and blood ( 1985 ) ,		who starred in his first film in the us ?		who starred in paul verhoeven 's first film in the us ?
paul verhoeven		filmmaking in the united states ( 1983 - 2000 )		what was the first film he did in the us ?		flesh and blood ( 1985 ) ,		what genre of films did he make ?		big - budget , very violent , special - effects - heavy smashes		what year did his first film debut ?		first american film , flesh and blood ( 1985 ) ,		who starred in his first film in the us ?		rutger hauer and jennifer jason leigh .		what was another one of his films he made in the us ?		what was another one of his films paul verhoeven made in the us ?
paul verhoeven		filmmaking in the united states ( 1983 - 2000 )		what was the first film he did in the us ?		flesh and blood ( 1985 ) ,		what genre of films did he make ?		big - budget , very violent , special - effects - heavy smashes		what year did his first film debut ?		first american film , flesh and blood ( 1985 ) ,		who starred in his first film in the us ?		rutger hauer and jennifer jason leigh .		what was another one of his films he made in the us ?		basic instinct		did basic instinct receive any awards ?		did paul verhoeven 's " basic instinct " receive any awards ?
paul verhoeven		filmmaking in the united states ( 1983 - 2000 )		what was the first film he did in the us ?		flesh and blood ( 1985 ) ,		what genre of films did he make ?		big - budget , very violent , special - effects - heavy smashes		what year did his first film debut ?		first american film , flesh and blood ( 1985 ) ,		who starred in his first film in the us ?		rutger hauer and jennifer jason leigh .		what was another one of his films he made in the us ?		basic instinct		did basic instinct receive any awards ?		the film received two academy awards nominations , for film editing and for original music .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article other than paul verhoeven 's film career ?
paul verhoeven		filmmaking in the united states ( 1983 - 2000 )		what was the first film he did in the us ?		flesh and blood ( 1985 ) ,		what genre of films did he make ?		big - budget , very violent , special - effects - heavy smashes		what year did his first film debut ?		first american film , flesh and blood ( 1985 ) ,		who starred in his first film in the us ?		rutger hauer and jennifer jason leigh .		what was another one of his films he made in the us ?		basic instinct		did basic instinct receive any awards ?		the film received two academy awards nominations , for film editing and for original music .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		verhoeven became the first director to accept his " award " in person .		what year was that when he accepted his own award ?		what year was it when paul verhoeven accepted an award ?
paul verhoeven		filmmaking in the united states ( 1983 - 2000 )		what was the first film he did in the us ?		flesh and blood ( 1985 ) ,		what genre of films did he make ?		big - budget , very violent , special - effects - heavy smashes		what year did his first film debut ?		first american film , flesh and blood ( 1985 ) ,		who starred in his first film in the us ?		rutger hauer and jennifer jason leigh .		what was another one of his films he made in the us ?		basic instinct		did basic instinct receive any awards ?		the film received two academy awards nominations , for film editing and for original music .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		verhoeven became the first director to accept his " award " in person .		what year was that when he accepted his own award ?		showgirls ( 1995 ) , about a stripper in las vegas trying to make a career as a showgirl . the film won seven golden raspberry awards including worst film and worst director ;		he starred in showgirls ?		did paul verhoeven star in showgirls ?
boris yeltsin		yeltsin 's second term		when was his second term ?		when was boris yeltsin 's second term ?
boris yeltsin		yeltsin 's second term		when was his second term ?		1996 ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article , aside from boris yeltsin 's second term in 1996 ?
boris yeltsin		yeltsin 's second term		when was his second term ?		1996 ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1998 , a political and economic crisis emerged when yeltsin 's government defaulted on its debts ,		what did he do during his second term ?		what did boris yeltsin do during his second term ?
boris yeltsin		yeltsin 's second term		when was his second term ?		1996 ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1998 , a political and economic crisis emerged when yeltsin 's government defaulted on its debts ,		what did he do during his second term ?		during the 1999 kosovo war , yeltsin strongly opposed the nato military campaign against yugoslavia ,		what became of his opposition to nato ?		what became of boris yeltsin 's opposition to nato during the 1999 kosovo war ?
boris yeltsin		yeltsin 's second term		when was his second term ?		1996 ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1998 , a political and economic crisis emerged when yeltsin 's government defaulted on its debts ,		what did he do during his second term ?		during the 1999 kosovo war , yeltsin strongly opposed the nato military campaign against yugoslavia ,		what became of his opposition to nato ?		" i told nato , the americans , the germans : do n't push us toward military action . otherwise there will be a european war for sure and possibly world war . "		who did he run against in his second term ?		who did boris yeltsin run against in his second term ?
boris yeltsin		yeltsin 's second term		when was his second term ?		1996 ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1998 , a political and economic crisis emerged when yeltsin 's government defaulted on its debts ,		what did he do during his second term ?		during the 1999 kosovo war , yeltsin strongly opposed the nato military campaign against yugoslavia ,		what became of his opposition to nato ?		" i told nato , the americans , the germans : do n't push us toward military action . otherwise there will be a european war for sure and possibly world war . "		who did he run against in his second term ?		i do n't know .		did he implement any policies during his second term ?		did boris yeltsin implement any policies during his second term ?
boris yeltsin		yeltsin 's second term		when was his second term ?		1996 ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1998 , a political and economic crisis emerged when yeltsin 's government defaulted on its debts ,		what did he do during his second term ?		during the 1999 kosovo war , yeltsin strongly opposed the nato military campaign against yugoslavia ,		what became of his opposition to nato ?		" i told nato , the americans , the germans : do n't push us toward military action . otherwise there will be a european war for sure and possibly world war . "		who did he run against in his second term ?		i do n't know .		did he implement any policies during his second term ?		i do n't know .		what was done with those fund?s ?		what was done with boris yeltsin 's funds ?
boris yeltsin		yeltsin 's second term		when was his second term ?		1996 ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1998 , a political and economic crisis emerged when yeltsin 's government defaulted on its debts ,		what did he do during his second term ?		during the 1999 kosovo war , yeltsin strongly opposed the nato military campaign against yugoslavia ,		what became of his opposition to nato ?		" i told nato , the americans , the germans : do n't push us toward military action . otherwise there will be a european war for sure and possibly world war . "		who did he run against in his second term ?		i do n't know .		did he implement any policies during his second term ?		i do n't know .		what was done with those fund?s ?		his opponents allege that most of these funds were stolen by people from yeltsin 's circle and placed in foreign banks .		what was he known fur during this term ?		what was boris yeltsin known for during his second term ?
boris yeltsin		yeltsin 's second term		when was his second term ?		1996 ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1998 , a political and economic crisis emerged when yeltsin 's government defaulted on its debts ,		what did he do during his second term ?		during the 1999 kosovo war , yeltsin strongly opposed the nato military campaign against yugoslavia ,		what became of his opposition to nato ?		" i told nato , the americans , the germans : do n't push us toward military action . otherwise there will be a european war for sure and possibly world war . "		who did he run against in his second term ?		i do n't know .		did he implement any policies during his second term ?		i do n't know .		what was done with those fund?s ?		his opponents allege that most of these funds were stolen by people from yeltsin 's circle and placed in foreign banks .		what was he known fur during this term ?		he appointed vladimir putin , relatively unknown at that time , and announced his wish to see putin as his successor .		who succeeded him ?		who succeeded boris yeltsin ?
boris yeltsin		yeltsin 's second term		when was his second term ?		1996 ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1998 , a political and economic crisis emerged when yeltsin 's government defaulted on its debts ,		what did he do during his second term ?		during the 1999 kosovo war , yeltsin strongly opposed the nato military campaign against yugoslavia ,		what became of his opposition to nato ?		" i told nato , the americans , the germans : do n't push us toward military action . otherwise there will be a european war for sure and possibly world war . "		who did he run against in his second term ?		i do n't know .		did he implement any policies during his second term ?		i do n't know .		what was done with those fund?s ?		his opponents allege that most of these funds were stolen by people from yeltsin 's circle and placed in foreign banks .		what was he known fur during this term ?		he appointed vladimir putin , relatively unknown at that time , and announced his wish to see putin as his successor .		who succeeded him ?		yeltsin		did he run for a 3rd term ?		did boris yeltsin run for a 3rd term ?
the seekers		return to australia and breakup		when did they return to austrailia ?		when did the the seekers return to austrailia ?
the seekers		return to australia and breakup		when did they return to austrailia ?		in march 1967 , the seekers returned to australia		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article in addition to the seekers returning to australia ?
the seekers		return to australia and breakup		when did they return to austrailia ?		in march 1967 , the seekers returned to australia		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		homecoming tour ,		what was the homecoming tour ?		what was the seekers homecoming tour ?
the seekers		return to australia and breakup		when did they return to austrailia ?		in march 1967 , the seekers returned to australia		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		homecoming tour ,		what was the homecoming tour ?		included a performance at the sidney myer music bowl in melbourne ,		did he win any awards ?		did the seekers win any awards ?
the seekers		return to australia and breakup		when did they return to austrailia ?		in march 1967 , the seekers returned to australia		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		homecoming tour ,		what was the homecoming tour ?		included a performance at the sidney myer music bowl in melbourne ,		did he win any awards ?		guinness book of world records ( 1968 ) listed it as the greatest attendance at a concert in the southern hemisphere .		how many people attended ?		how many people attended the seekers ' concert in the southern hemisphere ?
the seekers		return to australia and breakup		when did they return to austrailia ?		in march 1967 , the seekers returned to australia		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		homecoming tour ,		what was the homecoming tour ?		included a performance at the sidney myer music bowl in melbourne ,		did he win any awards ?		guinness book of world records ( 1968 ) listed it as the greatest attendance at a concert in the southern hemisphere .		how many people attended ?		attended by an estimated audience of 200,000 .		what did he do next ?		what did the seekers do next ?
the seekers		return to australia and breakup		when did they return to austrailia ?		in march 1967 , the seekers returned to australia		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		homecoming tour ,		what was the homecoming tour ?		included a performance at the sidney myer music bowl in melbourne ,		did he win any awards ?		guinness book of world records ( 1968 ) listed it as the greatest attendance at a concert in the southern hemisphere .		how many people attended ?		attended by an estimated audience of 200,000 .		what did he do next ?		1967 australian television special the seekers down under ,		what role did he play ?		what role did the seekers play ?
the seekers		return to australia and breakup		when did they return to austrailia ?		in march 1967 , the seekers returned to australia		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		homecoming tour ,		what was the homecoming tour ?		included a performance at the sidney myer music bowl in melbourne ,		did he win any awards ?		guinness book of world records ( 1968 ) listed it as the greatest attendance at a concert in the southern hemisphere .		how many people attended ?		attended by an estimated audience of 200,000 .		what did he do next ?		1967 australian television special the seekers down under ,		what role did he play ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards ?		did the seekers win any awards ?
the seekers		return to australia and breakup		when did they return to austrailia ?		in march 1967 , the seekers returned to australia		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		homecoming tour ,		what was the homecoming tour ?		included a performance at the sidney myer music bowl in melbourne ,		did he win any awards ?		guinness book of world records ( 1968 ) listed it as the greatest attendance at a concert in the southern hemisphere .		how many people attended ?		attended by an estimated audience of 200,000 .		what did he do next ?		1967 australian television special the seekers down under ,		what role did he play ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards ?		in recognition of its achievements , the group was named joint australians of the year - the only group to have this honour bestowed upon it .		why did it have this honor ?		why did the seekers have the honor of winning awards ?
the seekers		return to australia and breakup		when did they return to austrailia ?		in march 1967 , the seekers returned to australia		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		homecoming tour ,		what was the homecoming tour ?		included a performance at the sidney myer music bowl in melbourne ,		did he win any awards ?		guinness book of world records ( 1968 ) listed it as the greatest attendance at a concert in the southern hemisphere .		how many people attended ?		attended by an estimated audience of 200,000 .		what did he do next ?		1967 australian television special the seekers down under ,		what role did he play ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards ?		in recognition of its achievements , the group was named joint australians of the year - the only group to have this honour bestowed upon it .		why did it have this honor ?		in recognition of its achievements ,		which achievements ?		for which achievements did the seekers win the awards ?
the seekers		discovery in the united kingdom		when were the seekers discovered ?		when were the seekers discovered ?
the seekers		discovery in the united kingdom		when were the seekers discovered ?		march 1964 .		where was the band from ?		where was the seekers from ?
the seekers		discovery in the united kingdom		when were the seekers discovered ?		march 1964 .		where was the band from ?		australia		what was their first album ?		what was the seekers first album ?
the seekers		discovery in the united kingdom		when were the seekers discovered ?		march 1964 .		where was the band from ?		australia		what was their first album ?		i do n't know .		does the article mention anything about that first album ?		does the article mention anything about the seekers first album ?
the seekers		discovery in the united kingdom		when were the seekers discovered ?		march 1964 .		where was the band from ?		australia		what was their first album ?		i do n't know .		does the article mention anything about that first album ?		i do n't know .		so why did you say not to follow up :( is there anything additional about the album ?		so why did you say not to follow up :( is there anything additional about the seekers album ?
the seekers		discovery in the united kingdom		when were the seekers discovered ?		march 1964 .		where was the band from ?		australia		what was their first album ?		i do n't know .		does the article mention anything about that first album ?		i do n't know .		so why did you say not to follow up :( is there anything additional about the album ?		i do n't know .		who discovered the band ?		who discovered the seekers ?
the seekers		discovery in the united kingdom		when were the seekers discovered ?		march 1964 .		where was the band from ?		australia		what was their first album ?		i do n't know .		does the article mention anything about that first album ?		i do n't know .		so why did you say not to follow up :( is there anything additional about the album ?		i do n't know .		who discovered the band ?		emi ,		is there any other important data about the bands discovery ?		is there any other important data in addition to the seekers discovery ?
the seekers		discovery in the united kingdom		when were the seekers discovered ?		march 1964 .		where was the band from ?		australia		what was their first album ?		i do n't know .		does the article mention anything about that first album ?		i do n't know .		so why did you say not to follow up :( is there anything additional about the album ?		i do n't know .		who discovered the band ?		emi ,		is there any other important data about the bands discovery ?		the single reached the u.k. " top 50 " and began selling well .		what was the single ?		what was the seekers single ?
the seekers		discovery in the united kingdom		when were the seekers discovered ?		march 1964 .		where was the band from ?		australia		what was their first album ?		i do n't know .		does the article mention anything about that first album ?		i do n't know .		so why did you say not to follow up :( is there anything additional about the album ?		i do n't know .		who discovered the band ?		emi ,		is there any other important data about the bands discovery ?		the single reached the u.k. " top 50 " and began selling well .		what was the single ?		radio caroline		what else can you tell me about thier discovery ?		what else can you tell me about along with the seekers discovery ?
the seekers		discovery in the united kingdom		when were the seekers discovered ?		march 1964 .		where was the band from ?		australia		what was their first album ?		i do n't know .		does the article mention anything about that first album ?		i do n't know .		so why did you say not to follow up :( is there anything additional about the album ?		i do n't know .		who discovered the band ?		emi ,		is there any other important data about the bands discovery ?		the single reached the u.k. " top 50 " and began selling well .		what was the single ?		radio caroline		what else can you tell me about thier discovery ?		" the carnival is over " , released later in the year , would eventually eclipse it - and went on to sell 1.75 million copies worldwide .		did any single on that album make the charts ?		did any single on the seekers album make the charts ?
gerald of wales		life		where was gerald of wales born ?		where was gerald of wales born ?
gerald of wales		life		where was gerald of wales born ?		born c. 1146 at manorbier castle in pembrokeshire , wales ,		what was the first key event in his life ?		what was the first key event in the life of gerald of wales ?
gerald of wales		life		where was gerald of wales born ?		born c. 1146 at manorbier castle in pembrokeshire , wales ,		what was the first key event in his life ?		gerald received his initial education at the benedictine house of gloucester ,		were there suspicious circumstances surrounding his death ?		were there suspicious circumstances surrounding the death of gerald of wales ?
gerald of wales		life		where was gerald of wales born ?		born c. 1146 at manorbier castle in pembrokeshire , wales ,		what was the first key event in his life ?		gerald received his initial education at the benedictine house of gloucester ,		were there suspicious circumstances surrounding his death ?		i do n't know .		was he able to have a family ?		was gerald of wales able to have a family ?
gerald of wales		life		where was gerald of wales born ?		born c. 1146 at manorbier castle in pembrokeshire , wales ,		what was the first key event in his life ?		gerald received his initial education at the benedictine house of gloucester ,		were there suspicious circumstances surrounding his death ?		i do n't know .		was he able to have a family ?		i do n't know .		did anything exciting happen to him during his life outside of his work ?		did anything exciting happen to gerald of wales during his life outside of his work ?
gerald of wales		life		where was gerald of wales born ?		born c. 1146 at manorbier castle in pembrokeshire , wales ,		what was the first key event in his life ?		gerald received his initial education at the benedictine house of gloucester ,		were there suspicious circumstances surrounding his death ?		i do n't know .		was he able to have a family ?		i do n't know .		did anything exciting happen to him during his life outside of his work ?		period of study in paris from c. 1165 - 74 , where he studied the trivium .		did he move around a lot , aside from his travels with the king ?		did gerald of wales move around a lot , aside from his travels with the king ?
afrika bambaataa		career		when did he first start singing		when did afrika bambaataa first start singing ?
afrika bambaataa		career		when did he first start singing		bambaataa began hosting hip - hop parties beginning in 1976 .		did he have a lot of hits ?		did afrika bambaataa have a lot of hits ?
afrika bambaataa		career		when did he first start singing		bambaataa began hosting hip - hop parties beginning in 1976 .		did he have a lot of hits ?		beat - box		what were some of his hits		what were some of afrika bambaataa 's hits ?
afrika bambaataa		career		when did he first start singing		bambaataa began hosting hip - hop parties beginning in 1976 .		did he have a lot of hits ?		beat - box		what were some of his hits		planet rock ,		did he do concerts		did afrika bambaataa do concerts ?
afrika bambaataa		career		when did he first start singing		bambaataa began hosting hip - hop parties beginning in 1976 .		did he have a lot of hits ?		beat - box		what were some of his hits		planet rock ,		did he do concerts		in 1982 , bambaataa and his followers , a group of dancers , artists , and djs , went outside the united states on the first hip hop tour .		did they make a lot of money		did afrika bambaataa and followers make a lot of money on the first hip hop tour in 1982 ?
afrika bambaataa		career		when did he first start singing		bambaataa began hosting hip - hop parties beginning in 1976 .		did he have a lot of hits ?		beat - box		what were some of his hits		planet rock ,		did he do concerts		in 1982 , bambaataa and his followers , a group of dancers , artists , and djs , went outside the united states on the first hip hop tour .		did they make a lot of money		i do n't know .		did they do any charity work		did afrika bambaataa and followers do charity work ?
afrika bambaataa		career		when did he first start singing		bambaataa began hosting hip - hop parties beginning in 1976 .		did he have a lot of hits ?		beat - box		what were some of his hits		planet rock ,		did he do concerts		in 1982 , bambaataa and his followers , a group of dancers , artists , and djs , went outside the united states on the first hip hop tour .		did they make a lot of money		i do n't know .		did they do any charity work		i do n't know .		is he still singing		is afrika bambaataa still singing ?
afrika bambaataa		career		when did he first start singing		bambaataa began hosting hip - hop parties beginning in 1976 .		did he have a lot of hits ?		beat - box		what were some of his hits		planet rock ,		did he do concerts		in 1982 , bambaataa and his followers , a group of dancers , artists , and djs , went outside the united states on the first hip hop tour .		did they make a lot of money		i do n't know .		did they do any charity work		i do n't know .		is he still singing		i do n't know .		what is the high tech ?		what is the high tech ?
hank azaria		further voice work		what is some voice work he 's done ?		what is some voice work hank azaria is done ?
hank azaria		further voice work		what is some voice work he 's done ?		azaria wrote and directed the 2004 short film nobody 's perfect , which won the film discovery jury award for best short at the us comedy arts festival .		did he direct or write any other films ?		did hank azaria direct or write any other films other than further voice work ?
hank azaria		further voice work		what is some voice work he 's done ?		azaria wrote and directed the 2004 short film nobody 's perfect , which won the film discovery jury award for best short at the us comedy arts festival .		did he direct or write any other films ?		in january 2007 , he was confirmed to be directing outsourced , a film about two american workers who journey to get their jobs back , after their factory is moved to mexico .		how successful was this film ?		how successful was further voice work film ?
hank azaria		further voice work		what is some voice work he 's done ?		azaria wrote and directed the 2004 short film nobody 's perfect , which won the film discovery jury award for best short at the us comedy arts festival .		did he direct or write any other films ?		in january 2007 , he was confirmed to be directing outsourced , a film about two american workers who journey to get their jobs back , after their factory is moved to mexico .		how successful was this film ?		i do n't know .		did he collaborate with anyone ?		did hank azaria collaborate with anyone ?
hank azaria		further voice work		what is some voice work he 's done ?		azaria wrote and directed the 2004 short film nobody 's perfect , which won the film discovery jury award for best short at the us comedy arts festival .		did he direct or write any other films ?		in january 2007 , he was confirmed to be directing outsourced , a film about two american workers who journey to get their jobs back , after their factory is moved to mexico .		how successful was this film ?		i do n't know .		did he collaborate with anyone ?		reuniting with the birdcage director mike nichols , and being a huge monty python fan , he saw it as an opportunity he could not pass up ,		what other work did he do ?		what other work did hank azaria do other than directing and writing ?
hank azaria		further voice work		what is some voice work he 's done ?		azaria wrote and directed the 2004 short film nobody 's perfect , which won the film discovery jury award for best short at the us comedy arts festival .		did he direct or write any other films ?		in january 2007 , he was confirmed to be directing outsourced , a film about two american workers who journey to get their jobs back , after their factory is moved to mexico .		how successful was this film ?		i do n't know .		did he collaborate with anyone ?		reuniting with the birdcage director mike nichols , and being a huge monty python fan , he saw it as an opportunity he could not pass up ,		what other work did he do ?		azaria starred in and co - wrote the third episode of the funny or die web - series gamechangers , entitled " a legend in the booth		did he win any awards ?		did hank azaria win any awards ?
hank azaria		further voice work		what is some voice work he 's done ?		azaria wrote and directed the 2004 short film nobody 's perfect , which won the film discovery jury award for best short at the us comedy arts festival .		did he direct or write any other films ?		in january 2007 , he was confirmed to be directing outsourced , a film about two american workers who journey to get their jobs back , after their factory is moved to mexico .		how successful was this film ?		i do n't know .		did he collaborate with anyone ?		reuniting with the birdcage director mike nichols , and being a huge monty python fan , he saw it as an opportunity he could not pass up ,		what other work did he do ?		azaria starred in and co - wrote the third episode of the funny or die web - series gamechangers , entitled " a legend in the booth		did he win any awards ?		azaria being nominated for best performance by a leading actor in a musical .		is there any other interesting information ?		is there any other interesting information other than hank azaria 's writing and direction ?
lyndon b. johnson		entry into politics		was johnson elected in anything in 11th grade ?		was johnson elected in anything in 11th grade ?
lyndon b. johnson		entry into politics		was johnson elected in anything in 11th grade ?		i do n't know .		what was the name of the church his father and grandfather joined ?		what was the name of the church johnson 's father and grandfather joined ?
lyndon b. johnson		entry into politics		was johnson elected in anything in 11th grade ?		i do n't know .		what was the name of the church his father and grandfather joined ?		i do n't know .		who was johnsons grandfather ?		who was johnsons grandfather ?
lyndon b. johnson		entry into politics		was johnson elected in anything in 11th grade ?		i do n't know .		what was the name of the church his father and grandfather joined ?		i do n't know .		who was johnsons grandfather ?		i do n't know .		who was he maternally a descendant of ?		who was johnson maternally a descendant of ?
rush ( band )		1989 - 2002 : return to guitar - oriented sound , hiatus		what was the reasoning behind returning to guitar oriented sound ?		what was the reasoning behind returning to guitar oriented sound ?
rush ( band )		1989 - 2002 : return to guitar - oriented sound , hiatus		what was the reasoning behind returning to guitar oriented sound ?		i do n't know .		did this affect album sales ?		did rush returning to guitar oriented sound affect album sales ?
rush ( band )		1989 - 2002 : return to guitar - oriented sound , hiatus		what was the reasoning behind returning to guitar oriented sound ?		i do n't know .		did this affect album sales ?		i do n't know .		why did they go on hiatus ?		why did rush go on hiatus ?
rush ( band )		1989 - 2002 : return to guitar - oriented sound , hiatus		what was the reasoning behind returning to guitar oriented sound ?		i do n't know .		did this affect album sales ?		i do n't know .		why did they go on hiatus ?		1997 ,		was there a reason behind the hiatus ?		was there a reason behind the hiatus ?
rush ( band )		1989 - 2002 : return to guitar - oriented sound , hiatus		what was the reasoning behind returning to guitar oriented sound ?		i do n't know .		did this affect album sales ?		i do n't know .		why did they go on hiatus ?		1997 ,		was there a reason behind the hiatus ?		due to personal tragedies in peart 's life .		what happened to peart ?		what happened to peart ?
indigenous peoples in brazil		spi failure and funai		what is funai ?		what is funai ?
indigenous peoples in brazil		spi failure and funai		what is funai ?		the same year the government established fundacao nacional do indio ( national indian foundation ) , known as funai		what is the purpose of funai ?		what is the purpose of funai ?
indigenous peoples in brazil		spi failure and funai		what is funai ?		the same year the government established fundacao nacional do indio ( national indian foundation ) , known as funai		what is the purpose of funai ?		responsible for protecting the interests , cultures , and rights of the brazilian indigenous populations .		are they involved in the government ?		is funai involved in the government ?
indigenous peoples in brazil		spi failure and funai		what is funai ?		the same year the government established fundacao nacional do indio ( national indian foundation ) , known as funai		what is the purpose of funai ?		responsible for protecting the interests , cultures , and rights of the brazilian indigenous populations .		are they involved in the government ?		the xingu national park , was established by the federal government in 1961 .		how large is xingu national park ?		how large is xingu national park ?
indigenous peoples in brazil		spi failure and funai		what is funai ?		the same year the government established fundacao nacional do indio ( national indian foundation ) , known as funai		what is the purpose of funai ?		responsible for protecting the interests , cultures , and rights of the brazilian indigenous populations .		are they involved in the government ?		the xingu national park , was established by the federal government in 1961 .		how large is xingu national park ?		i do n't know .		what else has funai done ?		besides protecting the brazilian indigenous populations , has funai done anything else ?
christopher columbus		nautical considerations		what are some nautical considerations of columbus ?		what are some nautical considerations of columbus ?
christopher columbus		nautical considerations		what are some nautical considerations of columbus ?		columbus was wrong about the number of degrees of longitude that separated europe from the far east		what was he right about in terms of nautical considerations ?		what was columbus right about in terms of nautical considerations ?
christopher columbus		nautical considerations		what are some nautical considerations of columbus ?		columbus was wrong about the number of degrees of longitude that separated europe from the far east		what was he right about in terms of nautical considerations ?		he did possess valuable knowledge about the trade winds , which would prove to be the key to his successful navigation of the atlantic ocean .		how did some of his real life voyages go ?		how did some of columbus ' real life voyages go ?
christopher columbus		nautical considerations		what are some nautical considerations of columbus ?		columbus was wrong about the number of degrees of longitude that separated europe from the far east		what was he right about in terms of nautical considerations ?		he did possess valuable knowledge about the trade winds , which would prove to be the key to his successful navigation of the atlantic ocean .		how did some of his real life voyages go ?		during his first voyage in 1492 , the brisk trade winds from the east , commonly called " easterlies " , propelled columbus 's fleet for five weeks ,		did anything else happen during that voyage ?		besides being propelled by easterlies , did anything else happen during columbus ' first voyage ?
christopher columbus		nautical considerations		what are some nautical considerations of columbus ?		columbus was wrong about the number of degrees of longitude that separated europe from the far east		what was he right about in terms of nautical considerations ?		he did possess valuable knowledge about the trade winds , which would prove to be the key to his successful navigation of the atlantic ocean .		how did some of his real life voyages go ?		during his first voyage in 1492 , the brisk trade winds from the east , commonly called " easterlies " , propelled columbus 's fleet for five weeks ,		did anything else happen during that voyage ?		the precise first land sighting and landing point was san salvador island .		was san salvador island known for anything historically important ?		in columbus ' times , was san salvador island known for anything historically important ?
christopher columbus		nautical considerations		what are some nautical considerations of columbus ?		columbus was wrong about the number of degrees of longitude that separated europe from the far east		what was he right about in terms of nautical considerations ?		he did possess valuable knowledge about the trade winds , which would prove to be the key to his successful navigation of the atlantic ocean .		how did some of his real life voyages go ?		during his first voyage in 1492 , the brisk trade winds from the east , commonly called " easterlies " , propelled columbus 's fleet for five weeks ,		did anything else happen during that voyage ?		the precise first land sighting and landing point was san salvador island .		was san salvador island known for anything historically important ?		i do n't know .		did anything else happen in the first voyage in 1492 ?		besides being propelled by easterlies , did anything else happen in columbus ' first voyage in 1492 ?
christopher columbus		nautical considerations		what are some nautical considerations of columbus ?		columbus was wrong about the number of degrees of longitude that separated europe from the far east		what was he right about in terms of nautical considerations ?		he did possess valuable knowledge about the trade winds , which would prove to be the key to his successful navigation of the atlantic ocean .		how did some of his real life voyages go ?		during his first voyage in 1492 , the brisk trade winds from the east , commonly called " easterlies " , propelled columbus 's fleet for five weeks ,		did anything else happen during that voyage ?		the precise first land sighting and landing point was san salvador island .		was san salvador island known for anything historically important ?		i do n't know .		did anything else happen in the first voyage in 1492 ?		columbus returned home by following the curving trade winds northeastward to the middle latitudes of the north atlantic ,		was his voyage successful then using his nautical knowledge ?		was columbus ' 1492 voyage successful using his nautical knowledge ?
christopher columbus		nautical considerations		what are some nautical considerations of columbus ?		columbus was wrong about the number of degrees of longitude that separated europe from the far east		what was he right about in terms of nautical considerations ?		he did possess valuable knowledge about the trade winds , which would prove to be the key to his successful navigation of the atlantic ocean .		how did some of his real life voyages go ?		during his first voyage in 1492 , the brisk trade winds from the east , commonly called " easterlies " , propelled columbus 's fleet for five weeks ,		did anything else happen during that voyage ?		the precise first land sighting and landing point was san salvador island .		was san salvador island known for anything historically important ?		i do n't know .		did anything else happen in the first voyage in 1492 ?		columbus returned home by following the curving trade winds northeastward to the middle latitudes of the north atlantic ,		was his voyage successful then using his nautical knowledge ?		it is unclear whether columbus learned about the winds from his own sailing experience or if he had heard about them from others .		what sailing techniques did he use to utilize the winds ?		what sailing techniques did columbus use to utilize the winds ?
we are scientists		departure of michael tapper and brain thrust mastery ( 2007 - 2009 )		when did tapper leave we are scientist ?		when did tapper leave we are scientist ?
we are scientists		departure of michael tapper and brain thrust mastery ( 2007 - 2009 )		when did tapper leave we are scientist ?		days before the tour was due to start , drummer michael tapper quit the band .		do we know why he chose to leave ?		do we know why tapper chose to leave we are scientists ?
we are scientists		departure of michael tapper and brain thrust mastery ( 2007 - 2009 )		when did tapper leave we are scientist ?		days before the tour was due to start , drummer michael tapper quit the band .		do we know why he chose to leave ?		i do n't know .		what did they do for a drummer , then ?		what did we are scientists do for a drummer , then when tapper left ?
we are scientists		departure of michael tapper and brain thrust mastery ( 2007 - 2009 )		when did tapper leave we are scientist ?		days before the tour was due to start , drummer michael tapper quit the band .		do we know why he chose to leave ?		i do n't know .		what did they do for a drummer , then ?		gary powell and adam aaronson took over from tapper for the remainder of the tour .		which tour was this ?		which tour did adam aaronson take over tapper in we are scientists ?
we are scientists		departure of michael tapper and brain thrust mastery ( 2007 - 2009 )		when did tapper leave we are scientist ?		days before the tour was due to start , drummer michael tapper quit the band .		do we know why he chose to leave ?		i do n't know .		what did they do for a drummer , then ?		gary powell and adam aaronson took over from tapper for the remainder of the tour .		which tour was this ?		the band 's follow - up to with love and squalor		is brain thrust mastery an album or a single ?		is brain thrust mastery an album or a single ?
we are scientists		departure of michael tapper and brain thrust mastery ( 2007 - 2009 )		when did tapper leave we are scientist ?		days before the tour was due to start , drummer michael tapper quit the band .		do we know why he chose to leave ?		i do n't know .		what did they do for a drummer , then ?		gary powell and adam aaronson took over from tapper for the remainder of the tour .		which tour was this ?		the band 's follow - up to with love and squalor		is brain thrust mastery an album or a single ?		the band acted as their own support act , conducting " self - improvement seminars " under the name brain thrust mastery .		what happened during these " self - impovement seminars " ?		what happened during brain thrust mastery " self - impovement seminars " ?
we are scientists		departure of michael tapper and brain thrust mastery ( 2007 - 2009 )		when did tapper leave we are scientist ?		days before the tour was due to start , drummer michael tapper quit the band .		do we know why he chose to leave ?		i do n't know .		what did they do for a drummer , then ?		gary powell and adam aaronson took over from tapper for the remainder of the tour .		which tour was this ?		the band 's follow - up to with love and squalor		is brain thrust mastery an album or a single ?		the band acted as their own support act , conducting " self - improvement seminars " under the name brain thrust mastery .		what happened during these " self - impovement seminars " ?		i do n't know .		were all the same members of we are scientists members of brain thrust mastery ?		were all the same members of we are scientists members of brain thrust mastery ?
we are scientists		departure of michael tapper and brain thrust mastery ( 2007 - 2009 )		when did tapper leave we are scientist ?		days before the tour was due to start , drummer michael tapper quit the band .		do we know why he chose to leave ?		i do n't know .		what did they do for a drummer , then ?		gary powell and adam aaronson took over from tapper for the remainder of the tour .		which tour was this ?		the band 's follow - up to with love and squalor		is brain thrust mastery an album or a single ?		the band acted as their own support act , conducting " self - improvement seminars " under the name brain thrust mastery .		what happened during these " self - impovement seminars " ?		i do n't know .		were all the same members of we are scientists members of brain thrust mastery ?		i do n't know .		did they have any acclaimed singles during this time ?		did brain thrust mastery have any acclaimed singles during the self - improvement seminars ?
debra marshall		manager of jeff jarrett ; women 's champion ( 1998 - 1999 )		what happened in 1998 ?		what happened to debra marshall , manager of jeff jarrett in 1998 ?
debra marshall		manager of jeff jarrett ; women 's champion ( 1998 - 1999 )		what happened in 1998 ?		in 1998 , marshall rejoined jarrett in the wwf .		what did she do in the wwf ?		what did debra marshall do in the wwf ?
debra marshall		manager of jeff jarrett ; women 's champion ( 1998 - 1999 )		what happened in 1998 ?		in 1998 , marshall rejoined jarrett in the wwf .		what did she do in the wwf ?		she played the part of a shrewd businesswoman , wearing business suits .		who did she work with ?		who did debra marshall work with ?
debra marshall		manager of jeff jarrett ; women 's champion ( 1998 - 1999 )		what happened in 1998 ?		in 1998 , marshall rejoined jarrett in the wwf .		what did she do in the wwf ?		she played the part of a shrewd businesswoman , wearing business suits .		who did she work with ?		the blue blazer and jarrett		what else did she do on wwf ?		what else did debra marshall she do on wwf , besides work with the blue blazer ?
norte chico civilization		cotton and food sources		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
norte chico civilization		cotton and food sources		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		cotton ( of the species gossypium barbadense ) likely provided the basis of the dominance of inland over coast ( whether development was earlier , later , or contemporaneous ) .		what was their civilization like ?		what was norte chicos civilization like ?
norte chico civilization		cotton and food sources		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		cotton ( of the species gossypium barbadense ) likely provided the basis of the dominance of inland over coast ( whether development was earlier , later , or contemporaneous ) .		what was their civilization like ?		norte chico 's development is particularly remarkable for the apparent absence of a staple food .		why is it remarkable ?		why is norte chico 's development remarkable ?
norte chico civilization		cotton and food sources		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		cotton ( of the species gossypium barbadense ) likely provided the basis of the dominance of inland over coast ( whether development was earlier , later , or contemporaneous ) .		what was their civilization like ?		norte chico 's development is particularly remarkable for the apparent absence of a staple food .		why is it remarkable ?		though not edible , it was the most important product of irrigation in the norte chico , vital to the production of fishing nets ( that in turn provided maritime resources )		what food sources did they have the most abundance of ?		what food sources did norte chico have the most abundance of ?
norte chico civilization		cotton and food sources		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		cotton ( of the species gossypium barbadense ) likely provided the basis of the dominance of inland over coast ( whether development was earlier , later , or contemporaneous ) .		what was their civilization like ?		norte chico 's development is particularly remarkable for the apparent absence of a staple food .		why is it remarkable ?		though not edible , it was the most important product of irrigation in the norte chico , vital to the production of fishing nets ( that in turn provided maritime resources )		what food sources did they have the most abundance of ?		however , recent studies increasingly dispute this and point to maize as a dietary backbone of this and later pre - columbian civilizations .		is there anything of note about the cotton the article speaks of ?		is there anything of note about the cotton the article speaks of ?
norte chico civilization		cotton and food sources		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		cotton ( of the species gossypium barbadense ) likely provided the basis of the dominance of inland over coast ( whether development was earlier , later , or contemporaneous ) .		what was their civilization like ?		norte chico 's development is particularly remarkable for the apparent absence of a staple food .		why is it remarkable ?		though not edible , it was the most important product of irrigation in the norte chico , vital to the production of fishing nets ( that in turn provided maritime resources )		what food sources did they have the most abundance of ?		however , recent studies increasingly dispute this and point to maize as a dietary backbone of this and later pre - columbian civilizations .		is there anything of note about the cotton the article speaks of ?		cotton ( of the species gossypium barbadense ) likely provided the basis of the dominance of inland over coast ( whether development was earlier , later , or contemporaneous ) .		was their food source mainly plant or meat based ?		was norte chicos food source mainly plant or meat based ?
sam & dave		atlantic produced records , first break - up , and reunion ( 1969 - 1972 )		what were the atlantic produced records ?		what were the atlantic produced records ?
sam & dave		atlantic produced records , first break - up , and reunion ( 1969 - 1972 )		what were the atlantic produced records ?		jerry wexler with co - producer tom dowd tried producing sam & dave in new york , with atlantic songwriters and musicians .		what did sam and dave do ?		what did sam and dave do ?
sam & dave		atlantic produced records , first break - up , and reunion ( 1969 - 1972 )		what were the atlantic produced records ?		jerry wexler with co - producer tom dowd tried producing sam & dave in new york , with atlantic songwriters and musicians .		what did sam and dave do ?		sam & dave split in june 1970 , according to moore as a result of moore 's dissatisfaction with the duo		what happened after they split ?		what happened after sam & dave split ?
sam & dave		atlantic produced records , first break - up , and reunion ( 1969 - 1972 )		what were the atlantic produced records ?		jerry wexler with co - producer tom dowd tried producing sam & dave in new york , with atlantic songwriters and musicians .		what did sam and dave do ?		sam & dave split in june 1970 , according to moore as a result of moore 's dissatisfaction with the duo		what happened after they split ?		according to prater , they broke up because " [ moore ] decided to do what he wanted to do on his own .		who is moore ?		who is moore ?
sam & dave		atlantic produced records , first break - up , and reunion ( 1969 - 1972 )		what were the atlantic produced records ?		jerry wexler with co - producer tom dowd tried producing sam & dave in new york , with atlantic songwriters and musicians .		what did sam and dave do ?		sam & dave split in june 1970 , according to moore as a result of moore 's dissatisfaction with the duo		what happened after they split ?		according to prater , they broke up because " [ moore ] decided to do what he wanted to do on his own .		who is moore ?		according to moore as a result of moore 's dissatisfaction with the duo and his desire to pursue a career solo .		what did sam moore do after splitting up ?		what did sam moore do after splitting up ?
sam & dave		atlantic produced records , first break - up , and reunion ( 1969 - 1972 )		what were the atlantic produced records ?		jerry wexler with co - producer tom dowd tried producing sam & dave in new york , with atlantic songwriters and musicians .		what did sam and dave do ?		sam & dave split in june 1970 , according to moore as a result of moore 's dissatisfaction with the duo		what happened after they split ?		according to prater , they broke up because " [ moore ] decided to do what he wanted to do on his own .		who is moore ?		according to moore as a result of moore 's dissatisfaction with the duo and his desire to pursue a career solo .		what did sam moore do after splitting up ?		" moore recorded three solo singles ( none of which charted ) for atlantic over the next year and was preparing an album produced by king curtis ,		what else did sam do ?		in addition to recording three solo singles , what else did sam do ?
sam & dave		atlantic produced records , first break - up , and reunion ( 1969 - 1972 )		what were the atlantic produced records ?		jerry wexler with co - producer tom dowd tried producing sam & dave in new york , with atlantic songwriters and musicians .		what did sam and dave do ?		sam & dave split in june 1970 , according to moore as a result of moore 's dissatisfaction with the duo		what happened after they split ?		according to prater , they broke up because " [ moore ] decided to do what he wanted to do on his own .		who is moore ?		according to moore as a result of moore 's dissatisfaction with the duo and his desire to pursue a career solo .		what did sam moore do after splitting up ?		" moore recorded three solo singles ( none of which charted ) for atlantic over the next year and was preparing an album produced by king curtis ,		what else did sam do ?		and was preparing an album produced by king curtis ,		when did sam and dave reunite ?		when did sam and dave reunite ?
raymond poulidor		the anquetil years		what happened during the anquetil years ?		what happened with raymond poulidor during the anquetil years ?
raymond poulidor		the anquetil years		what happened during the anquetil years ?		poulidor 's best chance of defeating anquetil came in the 1964 tour de france , in the finish on the puy de dome .		did he finish in second place in the 1964 tour de france ?		did raymond poulidor finish in second place in the 1964 tour de france ?
raymond poulidor		the anquetil years		what happened during the anquetil years ?		poulidor 's best chance of defeating anquetil came in the 1964 tour de france , in the finish on the puy de dome .		did he finish in second place in the 1964 tour de france ?		poulidor gained time but when they reached paris , anquetil still had a 55-second lead and won his last tour de france thanks to the time - trial on the final day .		did he ever beat anquetil ?		did raymond poulidor ever beat anquetil ?
raymond poulidor		the anquetil years		what happened during the anquetil years ?		poulidor 's best chance of defeating anquetil came in the 1964 tour de france , in the finish on the puy de dome .		did he finish in second place in the 1964 tour de france ?		poulidor gained time but when they reached paris , anquetil still had a 55-second lead and won his last tour de france thanks to the time - trial on the final day .		did he ever beat anquetil ?		i do n't know .		how many times did he face off against anquetil ?		how many times did raymond poulidor face off against anquetil ?
raymond poulidor		the anquetil years		what happened during the anquetil years ?		poulidor 's best chance of defeating anquetil came in the 1964 tour de france , in the finish on the puy de dome .		did he finish in second place in the 1964 tour de france ?		poulidor gained time but when they reached paris , anquetil still had a 55-second lead and won his last tour de france thanks to the time - trial on the final day .		did he ever beat anquetil ?		i do n't know .		how many times did he face off against anquetil ?		i do n't know .		is there any interesting information ?		is there any interesting information about raymond poulidor and anquetil ?
raymond poulidor		the anquetil years		what happened during the anquetil years ?		poulidor 's best chance of defeating anquetil came in the 1964 tour de france , in the finish on the puy de dome .		did he finish in second place in the 1964 tour de france ?		poulidor gained time but when they reached paris , anquetil still had a 55-second lead and won his last tour de france thanks to the time - trial on the final day .		did he ever beat anquetil ?		i do n't know .		how many times did he face off against anquetil ?		i do n't know .		is there any interesting information ?		poulidor 's riding style was aggressive and attacking , whereas anquetil preferred to control the race in the mountains and win time in the time - trials .		apart from 1964 , did they have any other close races ?		aside from 1964 , did raymond poulidor and anquetil have any other close races ?
raymond poulidor		the anquetil years		what happened during the anquetil years ?		poulidor 's best chance of defeating anquetil came in the 1964 tour de france , in the finish on the puy de dome .		did he finish in second place in the 1964 tour de france ?		poulidor gained time but when they reached paris , anquetil still had a 55-second lead and won his last tour de france thanks to the time - trial on the final day .		did he ever beat anquetil ?		i do n't know .		how many times did he face off against anquetil ?		i do n't know .		is there any interesting information ?		poulidor 's riding style was aggressive and attacking , whereas anquetil preferred to control the race in the mountains and win time in the time - trials .		apart from 1964 , did they have any other close races ?		i do n't know .		when was their last race against each other ?		when was raymond poulidor and anquetil 's last race against each other ?
g.o.d		musical style and themes		what is the group 's musical style ?		what is the g.o.d musical style ?
g.o.d		musical style and themes		what is the group 's musical style ?		known primarily for r&b , g.o.d has often displayed their versatility as their albums feature songs which combine elements of different genres		what kinds of elements do they use ?		what kinds of elements do g.o.d use ?
g.o.d		musical style and themes		what is the group 's musical style ?		known primarily for r&b , g.o.d has often displayed their versatility as their albums feature songs which combine elements of different genres		what kinds of elements do they use ?		their debut single " to mother " ( eomeonimgge ) contains elements of hip hop and a refrain sung in r&b style ,		are there any other different elements they have used ?		in addition to elements of hip hop and a refrain sung in r&b style in their debut single , are there any other different elements g.o.d have used ?
g.o.d		musical style and themes		what is the group 's musical style ?		known primarily for r&b , g.o.d has often displayed their versatility as their albums feature songs which combine elements of different genres		what kinds of elements do they use ?		their debut single " to mother " ( eomeonimgge ) contains elements of hip hop and a refrain sung in r&b style ,		are there any other different elements they have used ?		the upbeat and rhythmic " friday night " from the second album heavily features funk elements and the ballad		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the g.o.d different styles , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
g.o.d		musical style and themes		what is the group 's musical style ?		known primarily for r&b , g.o.d has often displayed their versatility as their albums feature songs which combine elements of different genres		what kinds of elements do they use ?		their debut single " to mother " ( eomeonimgge ) contains elements of hip hop and a refrain sung in r&b style ,		are there any other different elements they have used ?		the upbeat and rhythmic " friday night " from the second album heavily features funk elements and the ballad		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		they were one of the few first generation k - pop groups to successfully incorporate elements of african american genres such as rap and hip hop into their music		did they win any awards ?		did g.o.d win any awards ?
g.o.d		musical style and themes		what is the group 's musical style ?		known primarily for r&b , g.o.d has often displayed their versatility as their albums feature songs which combine elements of different genres		what kinds of elements do they use ?		their debut single " to mother " ( eomeonimgge ) contains elements of hip hop and a refrain sung in r&b style ,		are there any other different elements they have used ?		the upbeat and rhythmic " friday night " from the second album heavily features funk elements and the ballad		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		they were one of the few first generation k - pop groups to successfully incorporate elements of african american genres such as rap and hip hop into their music		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else notable about their style ?		in addition to the fact that g.o.d were one of the few first generation k - pop groups to incorporate genres such as rap and hip hop into music , is there anything else notable about g.o.d style ?
g.o.d		musical style and themes		what is the group 's musical style ?		known primarily for r&b , g.o.d has often displayed their versatility as their albums feature songs which combine elements of different genres		what kinds of elements do they use ?		their debut single " to mother " ( eomeonimgge ) contains elements of hip hop and a refrain sung in r&b style ,		are there any other different elements they have used ?		the upbeat and rhythmic " friday night " from the second album heavily features funk elements and the ballad		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		they were one of the few first generation k - pop groups to successfully incorporate elements of african american genres such as rap and hip hop into their music		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else notable about their style ?		critics and media have noted the group 's unique blend of five distinctly different voices .		what else did people have to say about them ?		together with critics and media noting the g.o.d 's unique blen , what else did people have to say about g.o.d ?
gene clark		white light and roadmaster		what does the article say about white light ?		what does the article say about gene clark 's white light ?
gene clark		white light and roadmaster		what does the article say about white light ?		in 1971 , clark released his second solo album , white light		was the album a success ?		was the album white light a success ?
gene clark		white light and roadmaster		what does the article say about white light ?		in 1971 , clark released his second solo album , white light		was the album a success ?		launched to considerable critical acclaim , the album failed to gain commercial success , except in the netherlands ,		what did clark do after the failed album ?		what did gene clark do after the failed album white light ?
gene clark		white light and roadmaster		what does the article say about white light ?		in 1971 , clark released his second solo album , white light		was the album a success ?		launched to considerable critical acclaim , the album failed to gain commercial success , except in the netherlands ,		what did clark do after the failed album ?		in the spring of 1971 , clark was commissioned by dennis hopper to contribute the tracks " american dreamer " and " outlaw song " to hopper 's film project american dreamer .		who worked on white light with clark ?		who worked on white light with clark ?
gene clark		white light and roadmaster		what does the article say about white light ?		in 1971 , clark released his second solo album , white light		was the album a success ?		launched to considerable critical acclaim , the album failed to gain commercial success , except in the netherlands ,		what did clark do after the failed album ?		in the spring of 1971 , clark was commissioned by dennis hopper to contribute the tracks " american dreamer " and " outlaw song " to hopper 's film project american dreamer .		who worked on white light with clark ?		the album was produced by the american indian guitarist jesse ed davis , with whom clark developed great rapport , partly due to their common ancestry .		what songs were on the album ?		what songs were on the album white light by gene clark ?
gene clark		white light and roadmaster		what does the article say about white light ?		in 1971 , clark released his second solo album , white light		was the album a success ?		launched to considerable critical acclaim , the album failed to gain commercial success , except in the netherlands ,		what did clark do after the failed album ?		in the spring of 1971 , clark was commissioned by dennis hopper to contribute the tracks " american dreamer " and " outlaw song " to hopper 's film project american dreamer .		who worked on white light with clark ?		the album was produced by the american indian guitarist jesse ed davis , with whom clark developed great rapport , partly due to their common ancestry .		what songs were on the album ?		the album contained many introspective tracks , such as " with tomorrow " , " because of you " , " where my love lies asleep " and " for a spanish guitar " (		did he have any songs released in films ?		did gene clark have any songs released in films ?
gene clark		white light and roadmaster		what does the article say about white light ?		in 1971 , clark released his second solo album , white light		was the album a success ?		launched to considerable critical acclaim , the album failed to gain commercial success , except in the netherlands ,		what did clark do after the failed album ?		in the spring of 1971 , clark was commissioned by dennis hopper to contribute the tracks " american dreamer " and " outlaw song " to hopper 's film project american dreamer .		who worked on white light with clark ?		the album was produced by the american indian guitarist jesse ed davis , with whom clark developed great rapport , partly due to their common ancestry .		what songs were on the album ?		the album contained many introspective tracks , such as " with tomorrow " , " because of you " , " where my love lies asleep " and " for a spanish guitar " (		did he have any songs released in films ?		a rerecorded , longer version of the song " american dreamer " was later used in the 1977 film the farmer ,		what does the article say about roadmaster ?		what does the article say about gene clark 's roadmaster ?
gene clark		white light and roadmaster		what does the article say about white light ?		in 1971 , clark released his second solo album , white light		was the album a success ?		launched to considerable critical acclaim , the album failed to gain commercial success , except in the netherlands ,		what did clark do after the failed album ?		in the spring of 1971 , clark was commissioned by dennis hopper to contribute the tracks " american dreamer " and " outlaw song " to hopper 's film project american dreamer .		who worked on white light with clark ?		the album was produced by the american indian guitarist jesse ed davis , with whom clark developed great rapport , partly due to their common ancestry .		what songs were on the album ?		the album contained many introspective tracks , such as " with tomorrow " , " because of you " , " where my love lies asleep " and " for a spanish guitar " (		did he have any songs released in films ?		a rerecorded , longer version of the song " american dreamer " was later used in the 1977 film the farmer ,		what does the article say about roadmaster ?		in 1972 , clark attempted to record a follow - up album . progress was slow and expensive , and a&m terminated the project before completion .		why did they terminate the project ?		why did a&m terminate gene clarks project , roadmaster ?
cheap trick		classic years ( 1975 - 1978 )		what were the classic years ?		what were the classic years for cheap trick ?
cheap trick		classic years ( 1975 - 1978 )		what were the classic years ?		the band released their first album , cheap trick , in early 1977 ,		did it make it big ?		did cheap trick make it big ?
cheap trick		classic years ( 1975 - 1978 )		what were the classic years ?		the band released their first album , cheap trick , in early 1977 ,		did it make it big ?		the album was not successful in terms of sales .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article , besides that classic years was not successful in terms of sales ?
cheap trick		classic years ( 1975 - 1978 )		what were the classic years ?		the band released their first album , cheap trick , in early 1977 ,		did it make it big ?		the album was not successful in terms of sales .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		with robin zander now on vocals , the band recorded a demo in 1975 and played in warehouses , bowling alleys , and various other venues around the midwestern		did they go on tour ?		did cheap trick go on tour ?
cheap trick		classic years ( 1975 - 1978 )		what were the classic years ?		the band released their first album , cheap trick , in early 1977 ,		did it make it big ?		the album was not successful in terms of sales .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		with robin zander now on vocals , the band recorded a demo in 1975 and played in warehouses , bowling alleys , and various other venues around the midwestern		did they go on tour ?		i do n't know .		what was the bands best hit ?		what was the band cheap trick 's best hit ?
cheap trick		classic years ( 1975 - 1978 )		what were the classic years ?		the band released their first album , cheap trick , in early 1977 ,		did it make it big ?		the album was not successful in terms of sales .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		with robin zander now on vocals , the band recorded a demo in 1975 and played in warehouses , bowling alleys , and various other venues around the midwestern		did they go on tour ?		i do n't know .		what was the bands best hit ?		" i want you to want me " and " clock strikes ten " were hit singles in japan ,		what else did he do in his life ?		in addition to recording vocals for cheap trick , what else did robin zander do in his life ?
cheap trick		classic years ( 1975 - 1978 )		what were the classic years ?		the band released their first album , cheap trick , in early 1977 ,		did it make it big ?		the album was not successful in terms of sales .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		with robin zander now on vocals , the band recorded a demo in 1975 and played in warehouses , bowling alleys , and various other venues around the midwestern		did they go on tour ?		i do n't know .		what was the bands best hit ?		" i want you to want me " and " clock strikes ten " were hit singles in japan ,		what else did he do in his life ?		the band was signed to epic records in early 1976 by a&r man tom werman ,		who did they work with ?		who did cheap trick work with ?
cheap trick		classic years ( 1975 - 1978 )		what were the classic years ?		the band released their first album , cheap trick , in early 1977 ,		did it make it big ?		the album was not successful in terms of sales .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		with robin zander now on vocals , the band recorded a demo in 1975 and played in warehouses , bowling alleys , and various other venues around the midwestern		did they go on tour ?		i do n't know .		what was the bands best hit ?		" i want you to want me " and " clock strikes ten " were hit singles in japan ,		what else did he do in his life ?		the band was signed to epic records in early 1976 by a&r man tom werman ,		who did they work with ?		producer jack douglas		who else ?		who else besides producer jack douglas did cheap trick work with ?
paul ryan		speaker of the house		when did he run for speaker of the house ?		when did paul ryan begin his run for speaker of the house ?
paul ryan		speaker of the house		when did he run for speaker of the house ?		on october 8 , 2015 , a push by congressional republicans to recruit ryan to run to succeed john boehner as speaker of the house was initiated .		what policies did he help implement ?		what policies did paul ryan help implement or was a part of ?
paul ryan		speaker of the house		when did he run for speaker of the house ?		on october 8 , 2015 , a push by congressional republicans to recruit ryan to run to succeed john boehner as speaker of the house was initiated .		what policies did he help implement ?		i do n't know .		can you tell me more about his bid for the seat ?		what happened when paul ryan bid for the speaker of the house seat ?
paul ryan		speaker of the house		when did he run for speaker of the house ?		on october 8 , 2015 , a push by congressional republicans to recruit ryan to run to succeed john boehner as speaker of the house was initiated .		what policies did he help implement ?		i do n't know .		can you tell me more about his bid for the seat ?		boehner had recently announced his resignation and stated his support for kevin mccarthy to be his replacement ,		why did he resign ?		why did paul ryan resign his speaker of the house seat ?
paul ryan		speaker of the house		when did he run for speaker of the house ?		on october 8 , 2015 , a push by congressional republicans to recruit ryan to run to succeed john boehner as speaker of the house was initiated .		what policies did he help implement ?		i do n't know .		can you tell me more about his bid for the seat ?		boehner had recently announced his resignation and stated his support for kevin mccarthy to be his replacement ,		why did he resign ?		i do n't know .		what did he do while in office ?		what did paul ryan do while he was speaker of the house ?
paul ryan		constituent services		what happened during his constituent services ?		what happened during paul ryan 's constituent services ?
paul ryan		constituent services		what happened during his constituent services ?		ryan was first elected to the house in 1998 , winning the 1st district seat of republican mark neumann , a two - term incumbent who had vacated his seat		and was he reelected ?		and was paul ryan reelected ?
paul ryan		constituent services		what happened during his constituent services ?		ryan was first elected to the house in 1998 , winning the 1st district seat of republican mark neumann , a two - term incumbent who had vacated his seat		and was he reelected ?		reelected eight times , ryan has never received less than 55 percent of the vote .		who did he run against in the first election ?		who did paul ryan run against in the first election ?
paul ryan		constituent services		what happened during his constituent services ?		ryan was first elected to the house in 1998 , winning the 1st district seat of republican mark neumann , a two - term incumbent who had vacated his seat		and was he reelected ?		reelected eight times , ryan has never received less than 55 percent of the vote .		who did he run against in the first election ?		over 29-year - old pianist michael j. logan		was there anyone else he ran against in the other 8 times he ran ?		aside from michael j. logan , was there anyone else ryan ran against in the other 8 times ryan ran ?
paul ryan		constituent services		what happened during his constituent services ?		ryan was first elected to the house in 1998 , winning the 1st district seat of republican mark neumann , a two - term incumbent who had vacated his seat		and was he reelected ?		reelected eight times , ryan has never received less than 55 percent of the vote .		who did he run against in the first election ?		over 29-year - old pianist michael j. logan		was there anyone else he ran against in the other 8 times he ran ?		jeffrey c. thomas in the 2000 , 2002 , 2004 , and 2006		who else has he ran against ?		other than jeffrey c. thomas , who else has ryan ran against ?
john major		1992 election		what was he running for ?		what was john major running for ?
john major		1992 election		what was he running for ?		prime minister ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than the 1992 election , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
john major		1992 election		what was he running for ?		prime minister ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		major was an active young conservative , and according to his biographer anthony seldon brought " youthful exuberance " to the tories in brixton ,		what was a platform he ran on ?		what was the platform john major ran on ?
john major		1992 election		what was he running for ?		prime minister ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		major was an active young conservative , and according to his biographer anthony seldon brought " youthful exuberance " to the tories in brixton ,		what was a platform he ran on ?		conservatives		what happened during the election ?		what happened during the 1992 election ?
john major		1992 election		what was he running for ?		prime minister ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		major was an active young conservative , and according to his biographer anthony seldon brought " youthful exuberance " to the tories in brixton ,		what was a platform he ran on ?		conservatives		what happened during the election ?		the conservatives won the election outright , gaining in excess of 14 million votes , the highest popular vote ever recorded by a british political party in a general election to date .		who was running for the conservatives ?		who was running for the conservatives ?
the daily show		differences between stewart 's version and noah 's version		what were the differences between stewart and noah ?		what were the differences between stewart and noah ?
the daily show		differences between stewart 's version and noah 's version		what were the differences between stewart and noah ?		addition to changes in the tone of the show , noah has also implemented stylistic changes to the show , with an updated set , new graphics		what other stylistic changes were there ?		in addition to changes in the tone of the show what other stylistic changes were there ?
the daily show		differences between stewart 's version and noah 's version		what were the differences between stewart and noah ?		addition to changes in the tone of the show , noah has also implemented stylistic changes to the show , with an updated set , new graphics		what other stylistic changes were there ?		his monologue sometimes taking place while standing in front of a screen as opposed to sitting at the desk .		what other things has noah done ?		aside from implementing stylistic changes what other things has noah done ?
the daily show		differences between stewart 's version and noah 's version		what were the differences between stewart and noah ?		addition to changes in the tone of the show , noah has also implemented stylistic changes to the show , with an updated set , new graphics		what other stylistic changes were there ?		his monologue sometimes taking place while standing in front of a screen as opposed to sitting at the desk .		what other things has noah done ?		increased the usage of more millennial - based references , impersonations and characterizations for his comedy on the show , due		due to what reason ?		due to what reason ?
the daily show		differences between stewart 's version and noah 's version		what were the differences between stewart and noah ?		addition to changes in the tone of the show , noah has also implemented stylistic changes to the show , with an updated set , new graphics		what other stylistic changes were there ?		his monologue sometimes taking place while standing in front of a screen as opposed to sitting at the desk .		what other things has noah done ?		increased the usage of more millennial - based references , impersonations and characterizations for his comedy on the show , due		due to what reason ?		his younger demographic and his ability to speak in multiple accents and eight languages .		did he change the staff of the show ?		did noah change the staff of the show ?
victor davis hanson		early life , education and today		where did victor davis hanson received most of his education ?		where did victor davis hanson received most of his education ?
victor davis hanson		early life , education and today		where did victor davis hanson received most of his education ?		cowell college , from the university of california , santa cruz , in 1975 and his phd in classics from stanford university		did he have any problems in college ?		did victor davis hanson have any problems in college ?
victor davis hanson		early life , education and today		where did victor davis hanson received most of his education ?		cowell college , from the university of california , santa cruz , in 1975 and his phd in classics from stanford university		did he have any problems in college ?		hanson received his ba with highest honors in classics and general college honors ,		what did he do after college ?		what did victor davis hanson do after college ?
victor davis hanson		early life , education and today		where did victor davis hanson received most of his education ?		cowell college , from the university of california , santa cruz , in 1975 and his phd in classics from stanford university		did he have any problems in college ?		hanson received his ba with highest honors in classics and general college honors ,		what did he do after college ?		hanson is currently a senior fellow at the hoover institution and professor emeritus at california state university , fresno ,		does hanson have any living family ?		does victor davis hanson have any living family ?
victor davis hanson		early life , education and today		where did victor davis hanson received most of his education ?		cowell college , from the university of california , santa cruz , in 1975 and his phd in classics from stanford university		did he have any problems in college ?		hanson received his ba with highest honors in classics and general college honors ,		what did he do after college ?		hanson is currently a senior fellow at the hoover institution and professor emeritus at california state university , fresno ,		does hanson have any living family ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting about hanson 's life ?		besides his education , is there anything else interesting about victor davis hanson 's life ?
victor davis hanson		early life , education and today		where did victor davis hanson received most of his education ?		cowell college , from the university of california , santa cruz , in 1975 and his phd in classics from stanford university		did he have any problems in college ?		hanson received his ba with highest honors in classics and general college honors ,		what did he do after college ?		hanson is currently a senior fellow at the hoover institution and professor emeritus at california state university , fresno ,		does hanson have any living family ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting about hanson 's life ?		he has been published in the new york times , wall street journal , the times literary supplement , the daily telegraph , american heritage , and the new criterion ,		what is the name of an article that he published ?		what is the name of an article victor davis hanson published ?
victor davis hanson		early life , education and today		where did victor davis hanson received most of his education ?		cowell college , from the university of california , santa cruz , in 1975 and his phd in classics from stanford university		did he have any problems in college ?		hanson received his ba with highest honors in classics and general college honors ,		what did he do after college ?		hanson is currently a senior fellow at the hoover institution and professor emeritus at california state university , fresno ,		does hanson have any living family ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting about hanson 's life ?		he has been published in the new york times , wall street journal , the times literary supplement , the daily telegraph , american heritage , and the new criterion ,		what is the name of an article that he published ?		i do n't know .		did any of his publucations create controversy ?		did any of victor davis hanson;s publucations create controversy ?
victor davis hanson		early life , education and today		where did victor davis hanson received most of his education ?		cowell college , from the university of california , santa cruz , in 1975 and his phd in classics from stanford university		did he have any problems in college ?		hanson received his ba with highest honors in classics and general college honors ,		what did he do after college ?		hanson is currently a senior fellow at the hoover institution and professor emeritus at california state university , fresno ,		does hanson have any living family ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting about hanson 's life ?		he has been published in the new york times , wall street journal , the times literary supplement , the daily telegraph , american heritage , and the new criterion ,		what is the name of an article that he published ?		i do n't know .		did any of his publucations create controversy ?		i do n't know .		what other awards did hanson win ?		besides his college honors , what other awards did victor davis hanson win ?
harold innis		influence in the 1930s		what did innis do that was so important in the 1930s ?		what did harold innis do that was important in the 1930 's ?
harold innis		influence in the 1930s		what did innis do that was so important in the 1930s ?		fisheries , innis wrote extensively in the 1930s about other staple products		what other staple products ?		what are the staple products harold innis wrote about ?
harold innis		influence in the 1930s		what did innis do that was so important in the 1930s ?		fisheries , innis wrote extensively in the 1930s about other staple products		what other staple products ?		products such as minerals and wheat as well as canada 's immense economic problems in the great depression .		how was he involved in fisheries ?		how was harold innis involved in fisheries ?
harold innis		influence in the 1930s		what did innis do that was so important in the 1930s ?		fisheries , innis wrote extensively in the 1930s about other staple products		what other staple products ?		products such as minerals and wheat as well as canada 's immense economic problems in the great depression .		how was he involved in fisheries ?		i do n't know .		what did his study conclude about cod fisheries ?		what did harold innis studyies about cod fisheries conclude ?
harold innis		politics and the great depression		what was his take on politics ?		what was harold innis take on politics ?
harold innis		politics and the great depression		what was his take on politics ?		he later recoiled from participating in party politics , denouncing partisans like underhill as " hot gospellers " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than harold innis denouncing partisans , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
harold innis		politics and the great depression		what was his take on politics ?		he later recoiled from participating in party politics , denouncing partisans like underhill as " hot gospellers " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he has been called the radical conservative of his day		why was he called that ?		why was harold innis called radical conservative of his day ?
harold innis		politics and the great depression		what was his take on politics ?		he later recoiled from participating in party politics , denouncing partisans like underhill as " hot gospellers " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he has been called the radical conservative of his day		why was he called that ?		innis distrusted political " solutions " imported from elsewhere ,		where were they imported from ?		where were political " solutions " imported from ?
diane schuur		discovery		when was schuur discovered ?		when was schuur discovered ?
diane schuur		discovery		when was schuur discovered ?		in 1975 , at age 22 , schuur auditioned for drummer / bandleader ed shaughnessy .		was she hired by ed shaughnessy ?		was schuur hired by ed shaughnessy ?
diane schuur		discovery		when was schuur discovered ?		in 1975 , at age 22 , schuur auditioned for drummer / bandleader ed shaughnessy .		was she hired by ed shaughnessy ?		he hired her to be the vocalist in his orchestra , " energy force " .		what did she do after working for him ?		what did schuur do after working for ed shaughnessy ?
diane schuur		discovery		when was schuur discovered ?		in 1975 , at age 22 , schuur auditioned for drummer / bandleader ed shaughnessy .		was she hired by ed shaughnessy ?		he hired her to be the vocalist in his orchestra , " energy force " .		what did she do after working for him ?		jazz trumpeter dizzy gillespie heard her and , in 1979 , invited her to sit in on a set at the monterey jazz festival .		did she ever win any awards ?		did schuur ever win any awards ?
diane schuur		discovery		when was schuur discovered ?		in 1975 , at age 22 , schuur auditioned for drummer / bandleader ed shaughnessy .		was she hired by ed shaughnessy ?		he hired her to be the vocalist in his orchestra , " energy force " .		what did she do after working for him ?		jazz trumpeter dizzy gillespie heard her and , in 1979 , invited her to sit in on a set at the monterey jazz festival .		did she ever win any awards ?		i do n't know .		did she ever record an album ?		did schuur ever record an album after being discovered ?
diane schuur		discovery		when was schuur discovered ?		in 1975 , at age 22 , schuur auditioned for drummer / bandleader ed shaughnessy .		was she hired by ed shaughnessy ?		he hired her to be the vocalist in his orchestra , " energy force " .		what did she do after working for him ?		jazz trumpeter dizzy gillespie heard her and , in 1979 , invited her to sit in on a set at the monterey jazz festival .		did she ever win any awards ?		i do n't know .		did she ever record an album ?		schuur recorded her first album , pilot of my destiny		what record label released her album ?		what record label released schuur album , pilot of my destiny ?
diane schuur		discovery		when was schuur discovered ?		in 1975 , at age 22 , schuur auditioned for drummer / bandleader ed shaughnessy .		was she hired by ed shaughnessy ?		he hired her to be the vocalist in his orchestra , " energy force " .		what did she do after working for him ?		jazz trumpeter dizzy gillespie heard her and , in 1979 , invited her to sit in on a set at the monterey jazz festival .		did she ever win any awards ?		i do n't know .		did she ever record an album ?		schuur recorded her first album , pilot of my destiny		what record label released her album ?		independent label , great american records .		was her album successful ?		was schuur album , pilot of my destiny successful ?
diane schuur		discovery		when was schuur discovered ?		in 1975 , at age 22 , schuur auditioned for drummer / bandleader ed shaughnessy .		was she hired by ed shaughnessy ?		he hired her to be the vocalist in his orchestra , " energy force " .		what did she do after working for him ?		jazz trumpeter dizzy gillespie heard her and , in 1979 , invited her to sit in on a set at the monterey jazz festival .		did she ever win any awards ?		i do n't know .		did she ever record an album ?		schuur recorded her first album , pilot of my destiny		what record label released her album ?		independent label , great american records .		was her album successful ?		the album suffered from " poor production and distribution " and did not do very well .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides that schuur first album was not successful , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
diane schuur		discovery		when was schuur discovered ?		in 1975 , at age 22 , schuur auditioned for drummer / bandleader ed shaughnessy .		was she hired by ed shaughnessy ?		he hired her to be the vocalist in his orchestra , " energy force " .		what did she do after working for him ?		jazz trumpeter dizzy gillespie heard her and , in 1979 , invited her to sit in on a set at the monterey jazz festival .		did she ever win any awards ?		i do n't know .		did she ever record an album ?		schuur recorded her first album , pilot of my destiny		what record label released her album ?		independent label , great american records .		was her album successful ?		the album suffered from " poor production and distribution " and did not do very well .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		schuur failed to impress bandleader doc severinsen , who turned her down when she auditioned for a guest spot on johnny carson 's tonight show .		did she ever make it on a tv show ?		was schuur in any tv show in her whole career ?
nick carter ( musician )		early years		where was nick born ?		where was nick carter born ?
nick carter ( musician )		early years		where was nick born ?		i do n't know .		when did nick first get into music ?		when did nick carter first get into music ?
nick carter ( musician )		early years		where was nick born ?		i do n't know .		when did nick first get into music ?		his mother enrolled him in voice lessons and dance lessons in ballet and tap at karl and dimarco 's school of theatre and dance when he was 10 .		did he ever go to college ?		did nick carter ever go to college ?
nick carter ( musician )		early years		where was nick born ?		i do n't know .		when did nick first get into music ?		his mother enrolled him in voice lessons and dance lessons in ballet and tap at karl and dimarco 's school of theatre and dance when he was 10 .		did he ever go to college ?		i do n't know .		did he have any siblings ?		did nick carter have any siblings ?
curtly ambrose		debut and first years		when did he make his cricket debut ?		when did curtly ambrose make his cricket debut ?
curtly ambrose		debut and first years		when did he make his cricket debut ?		he made his debut during the first match , on 12 march 1988 in		did he win the match ?		did curtly ambrose win the match on 12 march 1988 ?
curtly ambrose		debut and first years		when did he make his cricket debut ?		he made his debut during the first match , on 12 march 1988 in		did he win the match ?		he ended the innings with four for 39 from 10 overs .		what were his first years like ?		what were curtly ambrose 's first years like ?
curtly ambrose		debut and first years		when did he make his cricket debut ?		he made his debut during the first match , on 12 march 1988 in		did he win the match ?		he ended the innings with four for 39 from 10 overs .		what were his first years like ?		wisden noted that his debut was " unimpressive " , but that he improved in the subsequent matches .		did he have a mentor ?		did curtly ambrose have a mentor ?
curtly ambrose		debut and first years		when did he make his cricket debut ?		he made his debut during the first match , on 12 march 1988 in		did he win the match ?		he ended the innings with four for 39 from 10 overs .		what were his first years like ?		wisden noted that his debut was " unimpressive " , but that he improved in the subsequent matches .		did he have a mentor ?		i do n't know .		when did he begin to gain recognition for his skills in cricket ?		when did curtly ambrose begin to gain recognition for his skills in cricket ?
curtly ambrose		debut and first years		when did he make his cricket debut ?		he made his debut during the first match , on 12 march 1988 in		did he win the match ?		he ended the innings with four for 39 from 10 overs .		what were his first years like ?		wisden noted that his debut was " unimpressive " , but that he improved in the subsequent matches .		did he have a mentor ?		i do n't know .		when did he begin to gain recognition for his skills in cricket ?		when pakistan toured the west indies in 1988 , ambrose played in the one day international ( odi ) series , taking the place of the recently retired joel garner .		what happened after that ?		what happened after curtly ambrose played in the one day international ( odi ) series ?
curtly ambrose		debut and first years		when did he make his cricket debut ?		he made his debut during the first match , on 12 march 1988 in		did he win the match ?		he ended the innings with four for 39 from 10 overs .		what were his first years like ?		wisden noted that his debut was " unimpressive " , but that he improved in the subsequent matches .		did he have a mentor ?		i do n't know .		when did he begin to gain recognition for his skills in cricket ?		when pakistan toured the west indies in 1988 , ambrose played in the one day international ( odi ) series , taking the place of the recently retired joel garner .		what happened after that ?		after appearing in early tour games , he was chosen for the first two odis , taking three wickets in total , but was omitted from the third .		did he have any critics ?		did curtly ambrose have any critics ?
curtly ambrose		debut and first years		when did he make his cricket debut ?		he made his debut during the first match , on 12 march 1988 in		did he win the match ?		he ended the innings with four for 39 from 10 overs .		what were his first years like ?		wisden noted that his debut was " unimpressive " , but that he improved in the subsequent matches .		did he have a mentor ?		i do n't know .		when did he begin to gain recognition for his skills in cricket ?		when pakistan toured the west indies in 1988 , ambrose played in the one day international ( odi ) series , taking the place of the recently retired joel garner .		what happened after that ?		after appearing in early tour games , he was chosen for the first two odis , taking three wickets in total , but was omitted from the third .		did he have any critics ?		commentator tony cozier described ambrose as " a ready - made replacement for garner		did he replace garner ?		did curtly ambose replace joel garner in 1988 ?
curtly ambrose		debut and first years		when did he make his cricket debut ?		he made his debut during the first match , on 12 march 1988 in		did he win the match ?		he ended the innings with four for 39 from 10 overs .		what were his first years like ?		wisden noted that his debut was " unimpressive " , but that he improved in the subsequent matches .		did he have a mentor ?		i do n't know .		when did he begin to gain recognition for his skills in cricket ?		when pakistan toured the west indies in 1988 , ambrose played in the one day international ( odi ) series , taking the place of the recently retired joel garner .		what happened after that ?		after appearing in early tour games , he was chosen for the first two odis , taking three wickets in total , but was omitted from the third .		did he have any critics ?		commentator tony cozier described ambrose as " a ready - made replacement for garner		did he replace garner ?		taking the place of the recently retired joel garner .		how long was he in this position ?		how long was curtly ambrose in this position of taking the place of the recently retired joel garner ?
curtly ambrose		debut and first years		when did he make his cricket debut ?		he made his debut during the first match , on 12 march 1988 in		did he win the match ?		he ended the innings with four for 39 from 10 overs .		what were his first years like ?		wisden noted that his debut was " unimpressive " , but that he improved in the subsequent matches .		did he have a mentor ?		i do n't know .		when did he begin to gain recognition for his skills in cricket ?		when pakistan toured the west indies in 1988 , ambrose played in the one day international ( odi ) series , taking the place of the recently retired joel garner .		what happened after that ?		after appearing in early tour games , he was chosen for the first two odis , taking three wickets in total , but was omitted from the third .		did he have any critics ?		commentator tony cozier described ambrose as " a ready - made replacement for garner		did he replace garner ?		taking the place of the recently retired joel garner .		how long was he in this position ?		i do n't know .		what happened after he took garner 's place ?		what happened after curtly ambrose took joel garner 's place ?
shahid kapoor		personal life and off - screen work		what was special about his personal life ?		what was special about shahid kapoor 's personal life ?
shahid kapoor		personal life and off - screen work		what was special about his personal life ?		kapoor 's personal life is the subject of fervent tabloid reporting in india . during the filming of fida in 2004 , he began dating kareena kapoor		was this dating controversial ?		did shahid kapoor and kareena kapoor 's relationship cause controversy ?
shahid kapoor		personal life and off - screen work		what was special about his personal life ?		kapoor 's personal life is the subject of fervent tabloid reporting in india . during the filming of fida in 2004 , he began dating kareena kapoor		was this dating controversial ?		they were involved in a well - publicised scandal when mid day published a set of pictures of them kissing in public .		was he involved in other scandels ?		aside from the kissing scandal , was shahid kapoor involved in other scandals ?
shahid kapoor		personal life and off - screen work		what was special about his personal life ?		kapoor 's personal life is the subject of fervent tabloid reporting in india . during the filming of fida in 2004 , he began dating kareena kapoor		was this dating controversial ?		they were involved in a well - publicised scandal when mid day published a set of pictures of them kissing in public .		was he involved in other scandels ?		tabloids speculated on his relationship with several other actresses , including vidya balan and priyanka chopra .		was she ever married ?		did shahid kapoor ever get married ?
shahid kapoor		personal life and off - screen work		what was special about his personal life ?		kapoor 's personal life is the subject of fervent tabloid reporting in india . during the filming of fida in 2004 , he began dating kareena kapoor		was this dating controversial ?		they were involved in a well - publicised scandal when mid day published a set of pictures of them kissing in public .		was he involved in other scandels ?		tabloids speculated on his relationship with several other actresses , including vidya balan and priyanka chopra .		was she ever married ?		in march 2015 , kapoor spoke of his impending marriage to mira rajput , a student from new delhi ,		did they finally we d ?		did shahid kapoor eventually marry mira rajput ?
shahid kapoor		personal life and off - screen work		what was special about his personal life ?		kapoor 's personal life is the subject of fervent tabloid reporting in india . during the filming of fida in 2004 , he began dating kareena kapoor		was this dating controversial ?		they were involved in a well - publicised scandal when mid day published a set of pictures of them kissing in public .		was he involved in other scandels ?		tabloids speculated on his relationship with several other actresses , including vidya balan and priyanka chopra .		was she ever married ?		in march 2015 , kapoor spoke of his impending marriage to mira rajput , a student from new delhi ,		did they finally we d ?		the couple married at a private ceremony in gurgaon on 7 july 2015 ,		did they have any children ?		did shahid kapoor and mira rajput have any children ?
shahid kapoor		personal life and off - screen work		what was special about his personal life ?		kapoor 's personal life is the subject of fervent tabloid reporting in india . during the filming of fida in 2004 , he began dating kareena kapoor		was this dating controversial ?		they were involved in a well - publicised scandal when mid day published a set of pictures of them kissing in public .		was he involved in other scandels ?		tabloids speculated on his relationship with several other actresses , including vidya balan and priyanka chopra .		was she ever married ?		in march 2015 , kapoor spoke of his impending marriage to mira rajput , a student from new delhi ,		did they finally we d ?		the couple married at a private ceremony in gurgaon on 7 july 2015 ,		did they have any children ?		rajput gave birth to their daughter , misha , on 26 august 2016 .		did they stay married ?		did shahid kapoor and mira rajput remain married ?
shahid kapoor		personal life and off - screen work		what was special about his personal life ?		kapoor 's personal life is the subject of fervent tabloid reporting in india . during the filming of fida in 2004 , he began dating kareena kapoor		was this dating controversial ?		they were involved in a well - publicised scandal when mid day published a set of pictures of them kissing in public .		was he involved in other scandels ?		tabloids speculated on his relationship with several other actresses , including vidya balan and priyanka chopra .		was she ever married ?		in march 2015 , kapoor spoke of his impending marriage to mira rajput , a student from new delhi ,		did they finally we d ?		the couple married at a private ceremony in gurgaon on 7 july 2015 ,		did they have any children ?		rajput gave birth to their daughter , misha , on 26 august 2016 .		did they stay married ?		i do n't know .		what off - screen work did he do ?		what off - screen work did shahid kapoor do ?
shahid kapoor		personal life and off - screen work		what was special about his personal life ?		kapoor 's personal life is the subject of fervent tabloid reporting in india . during the filming of fida in 2004 , he began dating kareena kapoor		was this dating controversial ?		they were involved in a well - publicised scandal when mid day published a set of pictures of them kissing in public .		was he involved in other scandels ?		tabloids speculated on his relationship with several other actresses , including vidya balan and priyanka chopra .		was she ever married ?		in march 2015 , kapoor spoke of his impending marriage to mira rajput , a student from new delhi ,		did they finally we d ?		the couple married at a private ceremony in gurgaon on 7 july 2015 ,		did they have any children ?		rajput gave birth to their daughter , misha , on 26 august 2016 .		did they stay married ?		i do n't know .		what off - screen work did he do ?		kapoor performs on stage and hosts award ceremonies .		does he do anything else ?		does shahid kapoor have any other passions besides acting ?
shahid kapoor		personal life and off - screen work		what was special about his personal life ?		kapoor 's personal life is the subject of fervent tabloid reporting in india . during the filming of fida in 2004 , he began dating kareena kapoor		was this dating controversial ?		they were involved in a well - publicised scandal when mid day published a set of pictures of them kissing in public .		was he involved in other scandels ?		tabloids speculated on his relationship with several other actresses , including vidya balan and priyanka chopra .		was she ever married ?		in march 2015 , kapoor spoke of his impending marriage to mira rajput , a student from new delhi ,		did they finally we d ?		the couple married at a private ceremony in gurgaon on 7 july 2015 ,		did they have any children ?		rajput gave birth to their daughter , misha , on 26 august 2016 .		did they stay married ?		i do n't know .		what off - screen work did he do ?		kapoor performs on stage and hosts award ceremonies .		does he do anything else ?		he also supports charitable organisations for various causes .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to the charity work , are there any other interesting facts in this article pertaining to shahid kapoor ?
harriet tubman		john brown and harpers ferry		what happened at harpers ferry ?		what happened at harpers ferry ?
harriet tubman		john brown and harpers ferry		what happened at harpers ferry ?		when the raid on harpers ferry took place		who was john brown ?		who was john brown of the raid on harpers ferry ?
harriet tubman		john brown and harpers ferry		what happened at harpers ferry ?		when the raid on harpers ferry took place		who was john brown ?		the abolitionist john brown , an insurgent who advocated the use of violence to destroy slavery in the united states .		was he part of the raid on harpers ferry ?		was john brown part of the raid on harpers ferry ?
harriet tubman		john brown and harpers ferry		what happened at harpers ferry ?		when the raid on harpers ferry took place		who was john brown ?		the abolitionist john brown , an insurgent who advocated the use of violence to destroy slavery in the united states .		was he part of the raid on harpers ferry ?		in the autumn of 1859 , as brown and his men prepared to launch the attack ,		what happened during the attack ?		what happened during the attack on harpers ferry ?
harriet tubman		john brown and harpers ferry		what happened at harpers ferry ?		when the raid on harpers ferry took place		who was john brown ?		the abolitionist john brown , an insurgent who advocated the use of violence to destroy slavery in the united states .		was he part of the raid on harpers ferry ?		in the autumn of 1859 , as brown and his men prepared to launch the attack ,		what happened during the attack ?		the raid failed ;		what did they do after it failed ?		what did the attackers do after the raid on harpers ferry failed ?
harriet tubman		john brown and harpers ferry		what happened at harpers ferry ?		when the raid on harpers ferry took place		who was john brown ?		the abolitionist john brown , an insurgent who advocated the use of violence to destroy slavery in the united states .		was he part of the raid on harpers ferry ?		in the autumn of 1859 , as brown and his men prepared to launch the attack ,		what happened during the attack ?		the raid failed ;		what did they do after it failed ?		brown was convicted of treason and hanged in december .		was tubman involved in the raid ?		was harriet tubman involved in the raid on harpers ferry ?
harriet tubman		john brown and harpers ferry		what happened at harpers ferry ?		when the raid on harpers ferry took place		who was john brown ?		the abolitionist john brown , an insurgent who advocated the use of violence to destroy slavery in the united states .		was he part of the raid on harpers ferry ?		in the autumn of 1859 , as brown and his men prepared to launch the attack ,		what happened during the attack ?		the raid failed ;		what did they do after it failed ?		brown was convicted of treason and hanged in december .		was tubman involved in the raid ?		when the raid on harpers ferry took place on october 16 , tubman was not present .		was tubman involved with john brown ?		was harriet tubman involved with john brown of the raid on harpers ferry ?
harriet tubman		john brown and harpers ferry		what happened at harpers ferry ?		when the raid on harpers ferry took place		who was john brown ?		the abolitionist john brown , an insurgent who advocated the use of violence to destroy slavery in the united states .		was he part of the raid on harpers ferry ?		in the autumn of 1859 , as brown and his men prepared to launch the attack ,		what happened during the attack ?		the raid failed ;		what did they do after it failed ?		brown was convicted of treason and hanged in december .		was tubman involved in the raid ?		when the raid on harpers ferry took place on october 16 , tubman was not present .		was tubman involved with john brown ?		brown was joined by " general tubman " , as he called her .		what relationship does this event have to tubman 's activities ?		what relationship does the raid on harpers ferry have to harriet tubman 's activities ?
harriet tubman		john brown and harpers ferry		what happened at harpers ferry ?		when the raid on harpers ferry took place		who was john brown ?		the abolitionist john brown , an insurgent who advocated the use of violence to destroy slavery in the united states .		was he part of the raid on harpers ferry ?		in the autumn of 1859 , as brown and his men prepared to launch the attack ,		what happened during the attack ?		the raid failed ;		what did they do after it failed ?		brown was convicted of treason and hanged in december .		was tubman involved in the raid ?		when the raid on harpers ferry took place on october 16 , tubman was not present .		was tubman involved with john brown ?		brown was joined by " general tubman " , as he called her .		what relationship does this event have to tubman 's activities ?		although she never advocated violence against whites , she agreed with his course of direct action and supported his goals .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to the personality of john brown , are there any other interesting aspects about the article on the raid on harpers ferry ?
harriet tubman		john brown and harpers ferry		what happened at harpers ferry ?		when the raid on harpers ferry took place		who was john brown ?		the abolitionist john brown , an insurgent who advocated the use of violence to destroy slavery in the united states .		was he part of the raid on harpers ferry ?		in the autumn of 1859 , as brown and his men prepared to launch the attack ,		what happened during the attack ?		the raid failed ;		what did they do after it failed ?		brown was convicted of treason and hanged in december .		was tubman involved in the raid ?		when the raid on harpers ferry took place on october 16 , tubman was not present .		was tubman involved with john brown ?		brown was joined by " general tubman " , as he called her .		what relationship does this event have to tubman 's activities ?		although she never advocated violence against whites , she agreed with his course of direct action and supported his goals .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		tubman claimed she was born in 1820 , 1822 , and 1825 , an indication , perhaps , that she had only a general idea of when she was born .		where was tubman born ?		where was the colored abolitionist harriet tubman born ?
newt gingrich		ethics charges and reprimand		how did gingrich role help in the government ?		how did newt gingrich 's role help in the government ?
newt gingrich		ethics charges and reprimand		how did gingrich role help in the government ?		i do n't know .		where there any conflicts in gingrich career ?		where there any conflicts in newt gingrich 's career ?
newt gingrich		ethics charges and reprimand		how did gingrich role help in the government ?		i do n't know .		where there any conflicts in gingrich career ?		eighty - four ethics charges were filed by democrats against gingrich		did gingrich have any influences ?		did newt gingrich have any influences ?
newt gingrich		ethics charges and reprimand		how did gingrich role help in the government ?		i do n't know .		where there any conflicts in gingrich career ?		eighty - four ethics charges were filed by democrats against gingrich		did gingrich have any influences ?		i do n't know .		how did gingrich role help pass the federal budget ?		how did newt gingrich 's role help pass the federal budget ?
epica ( band )		requiem for the indifferent and retrospect ( 2011 - 2013 )		what is requiem for indifferent and retrospect in regard to epica ?		what is requiem for indifferent and retrospect in regard to epica ?
epica ( band )		requiem for the indifferent and retrospect ( 2011 - 2013 )		what is requiem for indifferent and retrospect in regard to epica ?		on december 1 , the band announced that the name of the album would be requiem for the indifferent ,		what songs were on that album ?		what songs were on requiem for the indifferent and retrospect ?
epica ( band )		requiem for the indifferent and retrospect ( 2011 - 2013 )		what is requiem for indifferent and retrospect in regard to epica ?		on december 1 , the band announced that the name of the album would be requiem for the indifferent ,		what songs were on that album ?		i do n't know .		what year did the album come out ?		what year did requiem for the indifferent and retrospect come out ?
epica ( band )		requiem for the indifferent and retrospect ( 2011 - 2013 )		what is requiem for indifferent and retrospect in regard to epica ?		on december 1 , the band announced that the name of the album would be requiem for the indifferent ,		what songs were on that album ?		i do n't know .		what year did the album come out ?		the single was released through nuclear blast on 25 september 2012 .		was is popular ?		was requiem for the indifferent and retrospect popular ?
epica ( band )		requiem for the indifferent and retrospect ( 2011 - 2013 )		what is requiem for indifferent and retrospect in regard to epica ?		on december 1 , the band announced that the name of the album would be requiem for the indifferent ,		what songs were on that album ?		i do n't know .		what year did the album come out ?		the single was released through nuclear blast on 25 september 2012 .		was is popular ?		on march 23 , 2013 , they would celebrate the 10th anniversary of epica in eindhoven , netherlands .		how did they celebrate ?		how did epica celebrate ?
epica ( band )		requiem for the indifferent and retrospect ( 2011 - 2013 )		what is requiem for indifferent and retrospect in regard to epica ?		on december 1 , the band announced that the name of the album would be requiem for the indifferent ,		what songs were on that album ?		i do n't know .		what year did the album come out ?		the single was released through nuclear blast on 25 september 2012 .		was is popular ?		on march 23 , 2013 , they would celebrate the 10th anniversary of epica in eindhoven , netherlands .		how did they celebrate ?		the concert which would be called retrospect , would be held in klokgebouw with a 70-piece orchestra , choirs ,		what happened in 2013 ?		what happened to epica in 2013 ?
epica ( band )		requiem for the indifferent and retrospect ( 2011 - 2013 )		what is requiem for indifferent and retrospect in regard to epica ?		on december 1 , the band announced that the name of the album would be requiem for the indifferent ,		what songs were on that album ?		i do n't know .		what year did the album come out ?		the single was released through nuclear blast on 25 september 2012 .		was is popular ?		on march 23 , 2013 , they would celebrate the 10th anniversary of epica in eindhoven , netherlands .		how did they celebrate ?		the concert which would be called retrospect , would be held in klokgebouw with a 70-piece orchestra , choirs ,		what happened in 2013 ?		the band announced on their official website that on march 23 , 2013 , they would celebrate the 10th anniversary		is there anything else interesting about their requiem album ?		is there anything else interesting about epica 's requiem album besides single was released through nuclear blast on 25 september 2012 ? ?
epica ( band )		requiem for the indifferent and retrospect ( 2011 - 2013 )		what is requiem for indifferent and retrospect in regard to epica ?		on december 1 , the band announced that the name of the album would be requiem for the indifferent ,		what songs were on that album ?		i do n't know .		what year did the album come out ?		the single was released through nuclear blast on 25 september 2012 .		was is popular ?		on march 23 , 2013 , they would celebrate the 10th anniversary of epica in eindhoven , netherlands .		how did they celebrate ?		the concert which would be called retrospect , would be held in klokgebouw with a 70-piece orchestra , choirs ,		what happened in 2013 ?		the band announced on their official website that on march 23 , 2013 , they would celebrate the 10th anniversary		is there anything else interesting about their requiem album ?		the band invited the hungarian remenyi ede chamber orchestra and the choir of miskolc national theatre		what instruments were in the orchestra ?		what instruments were in the orchestra for retrospect ?
taio cruz		2011 - 12 : ty.o		what was most important about 2011 for taio ?		what was most important about 2011 for taio cruz ?
taio cruz		2011 - 12 : ty.o		what was most important about 2011 for taio ?		in march 2011 , cruz premiered an all - new song called " telling the world " ,		was that song a hit ?		was " telling the world " by taio cruz a hit ?
taio cruz		2011 - 12 : ty.o		what was most important about 2011 for taio ?		in march 2011 , cruz premiered an all - new song called " telling the world " ,		was that song a hit ?		on 23 may 2011 , cruz received his first billboard award in the united states .		what band was he with when the song was released ?		what band was taio cruz with when " telling the world " was released ?
taio cruz		2011 - 12 : ty.o		what was most important about 2011 for taio ?		in march 2011 , cruz premiered an all - new song called " telling the world " ,		was that song a hit ?		on 23 may 2011 , cruz received his first billboard award in the united states .		what band was he with when the song was released ?		i do n't know .		what was rio ?		what was rio ?
taio cruz		2011 - 12 : ty.o		what was most important about 2011 for taio ?		in march 2011 , cruz premiered an all - new song called " telling the world " ,		was that song a hit ?		on 23 may 2011 , cruz received his first billboard award in the united states .		what band was he with when the song was released ?		i do n't know .		what was rio ?		rio soundtrack .		did anything else important happen in 2011 ?		besides premiering the song " telling the world " , did anything else important happen in 2011 for taio cruz ?
taio cruz		2011 - 12 : ty.o		what was most important about 2011 for taio ?		in march 2011 , cruz premiered an all - new song called " telling the world " ,		was that song a hit ?		on 23 may 2011 , cruz received his first billboard award in the united states .		what band was he with when the song was released ?		i do n't know .		what was rio ?		rio soundtrack .		did anything else important happen in 2011 ?		he announced onstage that his third album , entitled black and leather , would be released in the fourth quarter of 2011 .		was that album successful ?		was the album black and leather successful ?
taio cruz		2011 - 12 : ty.o		what was most important about 2011 for taio ?		in march 2011 , cruz premiered an all - new song called " telling the world " ,		was that song a hit ?		on 23 may 2011 , cruz received his first billboard award in the united states .		what band was he with when the song was released ?		i do n't know .		what was rio ?		rio soundtrack .		did anything else important happen in 2011 ?		he announced onstage that his third album , entitled black and leather , would be released in the fourth quarter of 2011 .		was that album successful ?		i do n't know .		did any of the albums singles make the charts ?		did any of black and leather 's singles make the charts ?
taio cruz		2011 - 12 : ty.o		what was most important about 2011 for taio ?		in march 2011 , cruz premiered an all - new song called " telling the world " ,		was that song a hit ?		on 23 may 2011 , cruz received his first billboard award in the united states .		what band was he with when the song was released ?		i do n't know .		what was rio ?		rio soundtrack .		did anything else important happen in 2011 ?		he announced onstage that his third album , entitled black and leather , would be released in the fourth quarter of 2011 .		was that album successful ?		i do n't know .		did any of the albums singles make the charts ?		the song was a worldwide smash , topping singles charts across the world .		what was the most important thing to happen in 2012 ?		what was the most important thing to happen to taio cruz in 2012 ?
taio cruz		2011 - 12 : ty.o		what was most important about 2011 for taio ?		in march 2011 , cruz premiered an all - new song called " telling the world " ,		was that song a hit ?		on 23 may 2011 , cruz received his first billboard award in the united states .		what band was he with when the song was released ?		i do n't know .		what was rio ?		rio soundtrack .		did anything else important happen in 2011 ?		he announced onstage that his third album , entitled black and leather , would be released in the fourth quarter of 2011 .		was that album successful ?		i do n't know .		did any of the albums singles make the charts ?		the song was a worldwide smash , topping singles charts across the world .		what was the most important thing to happen in 2012 ?		cruz was scheduled to co - headline pitbull 's australian leg of planet pit world tour in august 2012 .		what happened on this tour ?		what happened on pitbull 's australian leg of planet pit world tour in august 2012 ?
humphrey lyttelton		early life and career		when did his career first start to take off		when did humphrey lyttelton 's career first start to take off ?
humphrey lyttelton		early life and career		when did his career first start to take off		and formed a quartet at the school in 1936		where did he go to school at		where did humphrey lyttelton go to school at ?
humphrey lyttelton		early life and career		when did his career first start to take off		and formed a quartet at the school in 1936		where did he go to school at		from sunningdale preparatory school , lyttelton duly progressed to eton college .		what country / state was this in		what country / state was eton college in ?
humphrey lyttelton		early life and career		when did his career first start to take off		and formed a quartet at the school in 1936		where did he go to school at		from sunningdale preparatory school , lyttelton duly progressed to eton college .		what country / state was this in		in buckinghamshire ) ,		is there something big that changed his life		is there something big that changed humphrey lyttelton 's life ?
humphrey lyttelton		early life and career		when did his career first start to take off		and formed a quartet at the school in 1936		where did he go to school at		from sunningdale preparatory school , lyttelton duly progressed to eton college .		what country / state was this in		in buckinghamshire ) ,		is there something big that changed his life		at eton , lyttelton fagged for lord carrington and formed his love of jazz .		what year did the jazz love begin		what year did humphrey lyttelton 's jazz love begin ?
humphrey lyttelton		early life and career		when did his career first start to take off		and formed a quartet at the school in 1936		where did he go to school at		from sunningdale preparatory school , lyttelton duly progressed to eton college .		what country / state was this in		in buckinghamshire ) ,		is there something big that changed his life		at eton , lyttelton fagged for lord carrington and formed his love of jazz .		what year did the jazz love begin		1936		what was one of his big jazz accomplishments		what was one of humphrey lyttelton 's big jazz accomplishments ?
humphrey lyttelton		early life and career		when did his career first start to take off		and formed a quartet at the school in 1936		where did he go to school at		from sunningdale preparatory school , lyttelton duly progressed to eton college .		what country / state was this in		in buckinghamshire ) ,		is there something big that changed his life		at eton , lyttelton fagged for lord carrington and formed his love of jazz .		what year did the jazz love begin		1936		what was one of his big jazz accomplishments		on ve day , 8 may 1945 , lyttelton joined in the celebrations by playing his trumpet from a wheelbarrow , inadvertently giving his first broadcast performance ;		did he play any other insturments		did humphrey lyttelton play any instruments besides the trumpet ?
humphrey lyttelton		early life and career		when did his career first start to take off		and formed a quartet at the school in 1936		where did he go to school at		from sunningdale preparatory school , lyttelton duly progressed to eton college .		what country / state was this in		in buckinghamshire ) ,		is there something big that changed his life		at eton , lyttelton fagged for lord carrington and formed his love of jazz .		what year did the jazz love begin		1936		what was one of his big jazz accomplishments		on ve day , 8 may 1945 , lyttelton joined in the celebrations by playing his trumpet from a wheelbarrow , inadvertently giving his first broadcast performance ;		did he play any other insturments		i do n't know .		did he do anything else that is worth talking about in his career		did humphrey lyttelton do anything else that is worth talking about in his career besides playing the trumpet ?
humphrey lyttelton		early life and career		when did his career first start to take off		and formed a quartet at the school in 1936		where did he go to school at		from sunningdale preparatory school , lyttelton duly progressed to eton college .		what country / state was this in		in buckinghamshire ) ,		is there something big that changed his life		at eton , lyttelton fagged for lord carrington and formed his love of jazz .		what year did the jazz love begin		1936		what was one of his big jazz accomplishments		on ve day , 8 may 1945 , lyttelton joined in the celebrations by playing his trumpet from a wheelbarrow , inadvertently giving his first broadcast performance ;		did he play any other insturments		i do n't know .		did he do anything else that is worth talking about in his career		in 1949 , he joined the daily mail as a cartoonist ,		what else did he do before he died		other than playing the trumpet and working as a cartoonist , what else did humphrey lyttelton do before he died ?
humphrey lyttelton		early life and career		when did his career first start to take off		and formed a quartet at the school in 1936		where did he go to school at		from sunningdale preparatory school , lyttelton duly progressed to eton college .		what country / state was this in		in buckinghamshire ) ,		is there something big that changed his life		at eton , lyttelton fagged for lord carrington and formed his love of jazz .		what year did the jazz love begin		1936		what was one of his big jazz accomplishments		on ve day , 8 may 1945 , lyttelton joined in the celebrations by playing his trumpet from a wheelbarrow , inadvertently giving his first broadcast performance ;		did he play any other insturments		i do n't know .		did he do anything else that is worth talking about in his career		in 1949 , he joined the daily mail as a cartoonist ,		what else did he do before he died		he was one of the collaborators with wally fawkes on the long running cartoon strip flook .		was he close with wally		was humphrey lyttelton close with wally fawkes ?
humphrey lyttelton		radio personality		what radio station did he work for ?		what radio station did humphrey lyttelton work for ?
humphrey lyttelton		radio personality		what radio station did he work for ?		bbc radio 2 ,		how long was he with them		how long was humphrey lyttelton with bbc radio 2 ?
humphrey lyttelton		radio personality		what radio station did he work for ?		bbc radio 2 ,		how long was he with them		in 1972 lyttelton was chosen to host the comedy panel game i 'm sorry		is that all that he did there		is the comedy show i 'm sorry all humphrey lyttelton did at bbc radio 2 ?
humphrey lyttelton		radio personality		what radio station did he work for ?		bbc radio 2 ,		how long was he with them		in 1972 lyttelton was chosen to host the comedy panel game i 'm sorry		is that all that he did there		both radio and television		what did he do in television		what did humphrey lyttelton do in television ?
humphrey lyttelton		radio personality		what radio station did he work for ?		bbc radio 2 ,		how long was he with them		in 1972 lyttelton was chosen to host the comedy panel game i 'm sorry		is that all that he did there		both radio and television		what did he do in television		comedic antidote to traditional bbc panel games		did he work for any other stations besides bbc		did humphrey lyttelton work for any other stations besides bbc ?
humphrey lyttelton		radio personality		what radio station did he work for ?		bbc radio 2 ,		how long was he with them		in 1972 lyttelton was chosen to host the comedy panel game i 'm sorry		is that all that he did there		both radio and television		what did he do in television		comedic antidote to traditional bbc panel games		did he work for any other stations besides bbc		i do n't know .		when did he start at bbc radio 4		when did humphrey lyttelton start at bbc radio 4 ?
humphrey lyttelton		radio personality		what radio station did he work for ?		bbc radio 2 ,		how long was he with them		in 1972 lyttelton was chosen to host the comedy panel game i 'm sorry		is that all that he did there		both radio and television		what did he do in television		comedic antidote to traditional bbc panel games		did he work for any other stations besides bbc		i do n't know .		when did he start at bbc radio 4		in 1972		did he win any awards		did humphrey lyttelton win any awards ?
humphrey lyttelton		radio personality		what radio station did he work for ?		bbc radio 2 ,		how long was he with them		in 1972 lyttelton was chosen to host the comedy panel game i 'm sorry		is that all that he did there		both radio and television		what did he do in television		comedic antidote to traditional bbc panel games		did he work for any other stations besides bbc		i do n't know .		when did he start at bbc radio 4		in 1972		did he win any awards		i do n't know .		what is he most likely to be remembered for		what is humphrey lyttelton most likely to be remembered for ?
humphrey lyttelton		radio personality		what radio station did he work for ?		bbc radio 2 ,		how long was he with them		in 1972 lyttelton was chosen to host the comedy panel game i 'm sorry		is that all that he did there		both radio and television		what did he do in television		comedic antidote to traditional bbc panel games		did he work for any other stations besides bbc		i do n't know .		when did he start at bbc radio 4		in 1972		did he win any awards		i do n't know .		what is he most likely to be remembered for		bbc radio ,		did he do anything else worth mentioning		aside from bbc radio , did humphrey lyttelton do anything else worth mentioning ?
humphrey lyttelton		radio personality		what radio station did he work for ?		bbc radio 2 ,		how long was he with them		in 1972 lyttelton was chosen to host the comedy panel game i 'm sorry		is that all that he did there		both radio and television		what did he do in television		comedic antidote to traditional bbc panel games		did he work for any other stations besides bbc		i do n't know .		when did he start at bbc radio 4		in 1972		did he win any awards		i do n't know .		what is he most likely to be remembered for		bbc radio ,		did he do anything else worth mentioning		the programme 's success had considerable influence on the manner in which comedy was presented on radio ,		did he have any major influences		did humphrey lyttelton have any major influences
william jennings bryan		war and peace : 1898 - 1900		what does he have to do with war and peace ?		what does william jennings bryan have to do with war and peace ?
william jennings bryan		war and peace : 1898 - 1900		what does he have to do with war and peace ?		bryan argued that " universal peace can not come until justice is enthroned throughout the world .		did he really think there could be world peace .		did william jennings bryan really think there could be world peace .
william jennings bryan		war and peace : 1898 - 1900		what does he have to do with war and peace ?		bryan argued that " universal peace can not come until justice is enthroned throughout the world .		did he really think there could be world peace .		until the right has triumphed in every land and love reigns in every heart , government must , as a last resort , appeal to force		what did his opponents say ?		what did william jennings bryan 's opponents say ?
william jennings bryan		war and peace : 1898 - 1900		what does he have to do with war and peace ?		bryan argued that " universal peace can not come until justice is enthroned throughout the world .		did he really think there could be world peace .		until the right has triumphed in every land and love reigns in every heart , government must , as a last resort , appeal to force		what did his opponents say ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article , besides that william jennings bryan argued that " universal peace can not come until justice is enthroned throughout the world " ?
william jennings bryan		war and peace : 1898 - 1900		what does he have to do with war and peace ?		bryan argued that " universal peace can not come until justice is enthroned throughout the world .		did he really think there could be world peace .		until the right has triumphed in every land and love reigns in every heart , government must , as a last resort , appeal to force		what did his opponents say ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		bryan gave a speech at the democratic national convention in 1900 simply titled " imperialism . "		what was it about ?		what was the speech " imperialism " by william jennings bryan about ?
the crystals		mounting tension and break - up		what is a song title you read about ?		what is a song title from the crystals you read about ?
the crystals		mounting tension and break - up		what is a song title you read about ?		" little boy " ,		name another song listed .		name another song listed by the crystals other than little boy .
the crystals		mounting tension and break - up		what is a song title you read about ?		" little boy " ,		name another song listed .		" all grown up " ,		name another song you read about in this album		name another song you read about by the crystals other than " little boy " or " all grown up " .
the crystals		mounting tension and break - up		what is a song title you read about ?		" little boy " ,		name another song listed .		" all grown up " ,		name another song you read about in this album		" my place "		name another song you read about		name another song you read about by the crystals other than " my place " , " little boy " , and " all grown up " .
kerry von erich		nwa world heavyweight champion and feud with the fabulous freebirds ( 1983 - 1984 )		what started the feud ?		what started the feud with the fabulous freebirds ?
kerry von erich		nwa world heavyweight champion and feud with the fabulous freebirds ( 1983 - 1984 )		what started the feud ?		kerry and his elder brothers kevin and david defeated the fabulous freebirds in a two out of three falls match		when did he receive the heavyweight championship title ?		when did kerry receive the heavyweight championship title ?
kerry von erich		nwa world heavyweight champion and feud with the fabulous freebirds ( 1983 - 1984 )		what started the feud ?		kerry and his elder brothers kevin and david defeated the fabulous freebirds in a two out of three falls match		when did he receive the heavyweight championship title ?		may 6 , 1984 ,		who did he compete against ?		who did kerry compete against ?
kerry von erich		nwa world heavyweight champion and feud with the fabulous freebirds ( 1983 - 1984 )		what started the feud ?		kerry and his elder brothers kevin and david defeated the fabulous freebirds in a two out of three falls match		when did he receive the heavyweight championship title ?		may 6 , 1984 ,		who did he compete against ?		he beat " nature boy " ric flair		did anyone take the championship from him during that time ?		did anyone take the championship from kerry during 1984
kerry von erich		nwa world heavyweight champion and feud with the fabulous freebirds ( 1983 - 1984 )		what started the feud ?		kerry and his elder brothers kevin and david defeated the fabulous freebirds in a two out of three falls match		when did he receive the heavyweight championship title ?		may 6 , 1984 ,		who did he compete against ?		he beat " nature boy " ric flair		did anyone take the championship from him during that time ?		flair		what happened with the fabulous freebirds ?		what happened with the fabulous freebirds ?
kerry von erich		nwa world heavyweight champion and feud with the fabulous freebirds ( 1983 - 1984 )		what started the feud ?		kerry and his elder brothers kevin and david defeated the fabulous freebirds in a two out of three falls match		when did he receive the heavyweight championship title ?		may 6 , 1984 ,		who did he compete against ?		he beat " nature boy " ric flair		did anyone take the championship from him during that time ?		flair		what happened with the fabulous freebirds ?		on september 3 , they defeated the freebirds in a handicap steel cage loser leaves texas match for his fourth six man tag title reign .		who defeated the freebirds with him ?		who defeated the freebirds with kerry ?
the wiggles		moran era		what was the moran era ?		what was the moran era ?
the wiggles		moran era		what was the moran era ?		moran 's transition as the wiggles ' lead singer		who was the lead singer before moran ?		who was the lead singer of the wiggles before moran ?
the wiggles		moran era		what was the moran era ?		moran 's transition as the wiggles ' lead singer		who was the lead singer before moran ?		i do n't know .		how long did moran stay with the band ?		how long did moran stay with the wiggles ?
the wiggles		moran era		what was the moran era ?		moran 's transition as the wiggles ' lead singer		who was the lead singer before moran ?		i do n't know .		how long did moran stay with the band ?		i do n't know .		why did he leave the band ?		why did moran leave the wiggles ?
the wiggles		moran era		what was the moran era ?		moran 's transition as the wiggles ' lead singer		who was the lead singer before moran ?		i do n't know .		how long did moran stay with the band ?		i do n't know .		why did he leave the band ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than moran 's departure , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
the wiggles		moran era		what was the moran era ?		moran 's transition as the wiggles ' lead singer		who was the lead singer before moran ?		i do n't know .		how long did moran stay with the band ?		i do n't know .		why did he leave the band ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 2011 , the worldwide financial crisis hit the group , and they recorded their first drop in revenues in 10 years ,		did this drop in revenue end the band ?		did the drop in revenues recorded in 2011 end the band ?
the wiggles		moran era		what was the moran era ?		moran 's transition as the wiggles ' lead singer		who was the lead singer before moran ?		i do n't know .		how long did moran stay with the band ?		i do n't know .		why did he leave the band ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 2011 , the worldwide financial crisis hit the group , and they recorded their first drop in revenues in 10 years ,		did this drop in revenue end the band ?		conway stated that their losses were due to less touring time in the us , difficulties in placing their dvds in walmart , and their required investment in a new digital platform .		why were they not allowed to display their dvds in walmart ?		why were the wiggles not allowed to display their dvds in walmart ?
john dewey		a teacher 's knowledge		was john dewey a teacher ?		was john dewey a teacher ?
john dewey		a teacher 's knowledge		was john dewey a teacher ?		i do n't know .		was dewey passionate about teaching ?		was dewey passionate about teaching ?
john dewey		a teacher 's knowledge		was john dewey a teacher ?		i do n't know .		was dewey passionate about teaching ?		dewey believed that the successful classroom teacher possesses a passion for knowledge and an intellectual curiosity in the materials and methods they teach .		what was his other thoughts about teaching ?		other than believing that the successful classroom teacher possesses a passion for knowledge and an intellectual curiosity in the materials and methods they teach , what were john dewey 's other thoughts about teaching ?
john dewey		a teacher 's knowledge		was john dewey a teacher ?		i do n't know .		was dewey passionate about teaching ?		dewey believed that the successful classroom teacher possesses a passion for knowledge and an intellectual curiosity in the materials and methods they teach .		what was his other thoughts about teaching ?		teacher ought to strive to be a high - class scholar in all the subjects he or she has to teach ,		in what year did he write about his teaching philosophy ?		in what year did john dewey write about his teaching philosophy ?
john dewey		a teacher 's knowledge		was john dewey a teacher ?		i do n't know .		was dewey passionate about teaching ?		dewey believed that the successful classroom teacher possesses a passion for knowledge and an intellectual curiosity in the materials and methods they teach .		what was his other thoughts about teaching ?		teacher ought to strive to be a high - class scholar in all the subjects he or she has to teach ,		in what year did he write about his teaching philosophy ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else significant in the article about a teacher 's knowledge ?		other than john dewey 's passion about teaching , is there anything else significant in the article about a teacher 's knowledge ?
spandau ballet		1983 - 1989 : international success and decline		what was the first indication of spandau ballet 's success at the international level ?		what was the first indication of spandau ballet 's success at the international level ?
spandau ballet		1983 - 1989 : international success and decline		what was the first indication of spandau ballet 's success at the international level ?		the follow - up album , parade , was released in june 1984 , and its singles were again big successes in the charts in europe , oceania and canada .		what were the notable songs from the album parade ?		what were the notable songs from the album parade ?
spandau ballet		1983 - 1989 : international success and decline		what was the first indication of spandau ballet 's success at the international level ?		the follow - up album , parade , was released in june 1984 , and its singles were again big successes in the charts in europe , oceania and canada .		what were the notable songs from the album parade ?		the album 's opening song , " only when you leave " ,		how did the opening song do on the charts ?		how did the only when you leave do on the charts ?
spandau ballet		1983 - 1989 : international success and decline		what was the first indication of spandau ballet 's success at the international level ?		the follow - up album , parade , was released in june 1984 , and its singles were again big successes in the charts in europe , oceania and canada .		what were the notable songs from the album parade ?		the album 's opening song , " only when you leave " ,		how did the opening song do on the charts ?		became the band 's last american hit .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the hit opening song only when you leave are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
spandau ballet		1983 - 1989 : international success and decline		what was the first indication of spandau ballet 's success at the international level ?		the follow - up album , parade , was released in june 1984 , and its singles were again big successes in the charts in europe , oceania and canada .		what were the notable songs from the album parade ?		the album 's opening song , " only when you leave " ,		how did the opening song do on the charts ?		became the band 's last american hit .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		spandau ballet signed to cbs records and released the album through the barricades ,		how was the album received by the critics ?		how was through the barricades received by the critics ?
spandau ballet		1983 - 1989 : international success and decline		what was the first indication of spandau ballet 's success at the international level ?		the follow - up album , parade , was released in june 1984 , and its singles were again big successes in the charts in europe , oceania and canada .		what were the notable songs from the album parade ?		the album 's opening song , " only when you leave " ,		how did the opening song do on the charts ?		became the band 's last american hit .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		spandau ballet signed to cbs records and released the album through the barricades ,		how was the album received by the critics ?		i do n't know .		what did the fans think of the new musical direction ?		what did the fans think of the new musical direction ?
spandau ballet		1983 - 1989 : international success and decline		what was the first indication of spandau ballet 's success at the international level ?		the follow - up album , parade , was released in june 1984 , and its singles were again big successes in the charts in europe , oceania and canada .		what were the notable songs from the album parade ?		the album 's opening song , " only when you leave " ,		how did the opening song do on the charts ?		became the band 's last american hit .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		spandau ballet signed to cbs records and released the album through the barricades ,		how was the album received by the critics ?		i do n't know .		what did the fans think of the new musical direction ?		though the first single , " fight for ourselves " peaked at 15 in the uk , the title track and the album both reached the top 10 in the uk and europe .		did they release another album after that ?		did spandau ballet release another album after through the barricades ?
spandau ballet		1983 - 1989 : international success and decline		what was the first indication of spandau ballet 's success at the international level ?		the follow - up album , parade , was released in june 1984 , and its singles were again big successes in the charts in europe , oceania and canada .		what were the notable songs from the album parade ?		the album 's opening song , " only when you leave " ,		how did the opening song do on the charts ?		became the band 's last american hit .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		spandau ballet signed to cbs records and released the album through the barricades ,		how was the album received by the critics ?		i do n't know .		what did the fans think of the new musical direction ?		though the first single , " fight for ourselves " peaked at 15 in the uk , the title track and the album both reached the top 10 in the uk and europe .		did they release another album after that ?		after a hiatus from recording , the band released their next album , heart like a sky ,		how did heart like a sky do on the charts ?		how did heart like a sky do on the charts ?
spandau ballet		1983 - 1989 : international success and decline		what was the first indication of spandau ballet 's success at the international level ?		the follow - up album , parade , was released in june 1984 , and its singles were again big successes in the charts in europe , oceania and canada .		what were the notable songs from the album parade ?		the album 's opening song , " only when you leave " ,		how did the opening song do on the charts ?		became the band 's last american hit .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		spandau ballet signed to cbs records and released the album through the barricades ,		how was the album received by the critics ?		i do n't know .		what did the fans think of the new musical direction ?		though the first single , " fight for ourselves " peaked at 15 in the uk , the title track and the album both reached the top 10 in the uk and europe .		did they release another album after that ?		after a hiatus from recording , the band released their next album , heart like a sky ,		how did heart like a sky do on the charts ?		the album and its singles were unsuccessful in the uk , and the album itself was not released in the united states .		did the band tour to support the a		did spandau ballet tour to support the a
spandau ballet		1983 - 1989 : international success and decline		what was the first indication of spandau ballet 's success at the international level ?		the follow - up album , parade , was released in june 1984 , and its singles were again big successes in the charts in europe , oceania and canada .		what were the notable songs from the album parade ?		the album 's opening song , " only when you leave " ,		how did the opening song do on the charts ?		became the band 's last american hit .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		spandau ballet signed to cbs records and released the album through the barricades ,		how was the album received by the critics ?		i do n't know .		what did the fans think of the new musical direction ?		though the first single , " fight for ourselves " peaked at 15 in the uk , the title track and the album both reached the top 10 in the uk and europe .		did they release another album after that ?		after a hiatus from recording , the band released their next album , heart like a sky ,		how did heart like a sky do on the charts ?		the album and its singles were unsuccessful in the uk , and the album itself was not released in the united states .		did the band tour to support the a		i do n't know .		when did the band start to decline ?		when did spandau ballet start to decline ?
augustus pugin		reputation and influence		what kind of reputation did he have ?		what kind of reputation did pugin have ?
augustus pugin		reputation and influence		what kind of reputation did he have ?		the quality of construction in pugin 's buildings was often poor ,		what sort of buildings did he build ?		what sort of buildings did pugin build ?
augustus pugin		reputation and influence		what kind of reputation did he have ?		the quality of construction in pugin 's buildings was often poor ,		what sort of buildings did he build ?		i do n't know .		was there more to his reputation ?		was there more to pugin 's reputation ?
augustus pugin		reputation and influence		what kind of reputation did he have ?		the quality of construction in pugin 's buildings was often poor ,		what sort of buildings did he build ?		i do n't know .		was there more to his reputation ?		pugin 's legacy began to fade immediately after his death .		when did he die ?		when did pugin die ?
augustus pugin		reputation and influence		what kind of reputation did he have ?		the quality of construction in pugin 's buildings was often poor ,		what sort of buildings did he build ?		i do n't know .		was there more to his reputation ?		pugin 's legacy began to fade immediately after his death .		when did he die ?		i do n't know .		was there any other aspects to his reputation ?		other than the quality of construction in pugin 's buildings was often poor , was there any other aspects about pugin 's reputation ?
augustus pugin		reputation and influence		what kind of reputation did he have ?		the quality of construction in pugin 's buildings was often poor ,		what sort of buildings did he build ?		i do n't know .		was there more to his reputation ?		pugin 's legacy began to fade immediately after his death .		when did he die ?		i do n't know .		was there any other aspects to his reputation ?		he was lacking in technical knowledge , his strength lying more in his facility as a designer of architectural detail .		what was his influence on other architects and their designs ?		what was pugin influence on other architects and designs ?
augustus pugin		reputation and influence		what kind of reputation did he have ?		the quality of construction in pugin 's buildings was often poor ,		what sort of buildings did he build ?		i do n't know .		was there more to his reputation ?		pugin 's legacy began to fade immediately after his death .		when did he die ?		i do n't know .		was there any other aspects to his reputation ?		he was lacking in technical knowledge , his strength lying more in his facility as a designer of architectural detail .		what was his influence on other architects and their designs ?		pugin 's architectural ideas were carried forward by two young architects who admired him and had attended his funeral ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to the pugin 's reputation , ideas and death , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
don shula		early life and college		where was he born ?		where was don shula born ?
don shula		early life and college		where was he born ?		shula was born in grand river , ohio , a small town along the lake erie shore in the northeastern part of the state .		when was he born ?		when was don shula born ?
don shula		early life and college		where was he born ?		shula was born in grand river , ohio , a small town along the lake erie shore in the northeastern part of the state .		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		wher were his parents ?		wher were don shula 's parents ?
don shula		early life and college		where was he born ?		shula was born in grand river , ohio , a small town along the lake erie shore in the northeastern part of the state .		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		wher were his parents ?		his parents , dan and mary , were of hungarian origin , having immigrated when they were children .		did he have any siblings ?		did don shula have any siblings ?
don shula		early life and college		where was he born ?		shula was born in grand river , ohio , a small town along the lake erie shore in the northeastern part of the state .		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		wher were his parents ?		his parents , dan and mary , were of hungarian origin , having immigrated when they were children .		did he have any siblings ?		as shula 's family expanded -- he had six siblings , including a set of triplets born in 1936		where did he go to school ?		where did don shula go to school ?
don shula		early life and college		where was he born ?		shula was born in grand river , ohio , a small town along the lake erie shore in the northeastern part of the state .		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		wher were his parents ?		his parents , dan and mary , were of hungarian origin , having immigrated when they were children .		did he have any siblings ?		as shula 's family expanded -- he had six siblings , including a set of triplets born in 1936		where did he go to school ?		shula attended elementary school at st. mary 's , a private catholic school in painesville ;		where did he go to high school ?		where did don shula go to high school ?
don shula		legacy		what legacy did shula leave as a coach ?		what legacy did shula leave as a coach ?
don shula		legacy		what legacy did shula leave as a coach ?		shula set numerous records in his 33 seasons as a head coach . he is the all - time leader in victories with 347 .		did he hold any other records as a coach ?		did shula hold any other records as a coach besides being the all - time leader in victories ?
don shula		legacy		what legacy did shula leave as a coach ?		shula set numerous records in his 33 seasons as a head coach . he is the all - time leader in victories with 347 .		did he hold any other records as a coach ?		he is first in most games coached ( 526 ) , most consecutive seasons coached ( 33 ) , and super bowl losses ( four , tied with bud grant , dan reeves , and marv levy ) .		did he receive any awards ?		did shula receive any awards ?
don shula		legacy		what legacy did shula leave as a coach ?		shula set numerous records in his 33 seasons as a head coach . he is the all - time leader in victories with 347 .		did he hold any other records as a coach ?		he is first in most games coached ( 526 ) , most consecutive seasons coached ( 33 ) , and super bowl losses ( four , tied with bud grant , dan reeves , and marv levy ) .		did he receive any awards ?		shula is honored at the don shula stadium at john carroll university , and the don shula expressway in miami .		how did shula stand up next to other coaches ?		how did shula stand up next to other coaches ?
don shula		legacy		what legacy did shula leave as a coach ?		shula set numerous records in his 33 seasons as a head coach . he is the all - time leader in victories with 347 .		did he hold any other records as a coach ?		he is first in most games coached ( 526 ) , most consecutive seasons coached ( 33 ) , and super bowl losses ( four , tied with bud grant , dan reeves , and marv levy ) .		did he receive any awards ?		shula is honored at the don shula stadium at john carroll university , and the don shula expressway in miami .		how did shula stand up next to other coaches ?		the only other nfl coach to approach this distinction is joe gibbs , who coached four super bowls with three different quarterbacks		did shula lose to any coaches ?		did shula lose to any coaches ?
mohammad amir		making mark in international arena		how did amir come to international attention ?		how did mohammad amir come to international attention ?
mohammad amir		making mark in international arena		how did amir come to international attention ?		on 9 november 2009 he scored 73 runs against new zealand which was a record		what match was that in ?		what match was mohammad amir in on 9 november 2009 ?
mohammad amir		making mark in international arena		how did amir come to international attention ?		on 9 november 2009 he scored 73 runs against new zealand which was a record		what match was that in ?		odi		what other records did he set ?		what other records did mohammad amir set , aside from 73 runs against new zealand ?
mohammad amir		making mark in international arena		how did amir come to international attention ?		on 9 november 2009 he scored 73 runs against new zealand which was a record		what match was that in ?		odi		what other records did he set ?		the youngest player to ever take a five - wicket haul in england .		was he written about in the international press ?		was mohammad amir written about in the international press ?
mohammad amir		making mark in international arena		how did amir come to international attention ?		on 9 november 2009 he scored 73 runs against new zealand which was a record		what match was that in ?		odi		what other records did he set ?		the youngest player to ever take a five - wicket haul in england .		was he written about in the international press ?		i do n't know .		what was the reaction in pakistan ?		what was the reaction to mohammad amir in pakistan ?
mohammad amir		making mark in international arena		how did amir come to international attention ?		on 9 november 2009 he scored 73 runs against new zealand which was a record		what match was that in ?		odi		what other records did he set ?		the youngest player to ever take a five - wicket haul in england .		was he written about in the international press ?		i do n't know .		what was the reaction in pakistan ?		he impressed the pakistan cricket team ,		did he go on to any other notable matches ?		did mohammad amir go on to any other notable matches , besides on 9 november 2009 ?
mohammad amir		making mark in international arena		how did amir come to international attention ?		on 9 november 2009 he scored 73 runs against new zealand which was a record		what match was that in ?		odi		what other records did he set ?		the youngest player to ever take a five - wicket haul in england .		was he written about in the international press ?		i do n't know .		what was the reaction in pakistan ?		he impressed the pakistan cricket team ,		did he go on to any other notable matches ?		in the summer of 2010 , amir was awarded the man of the match award for becoming the youngest player to ever take a five - wicket haul in england .		was that against england ?		was mohammad amir awarded the man of the match award against england ?
mohammad amir		making mark in international arena		how did amir come to international attention ?		on 9 november 2009 he scored 73 runs against new zealand which was a record		what match was that in ?		odi		what other records did he set ?		the youngest player to ever take a five - wicket haul in england .		was he written about in the international press ?		i do n't know .		what was the reaction in pakistan ?		he impressed the pakistan cricket team ,		did he go on to any other notable matches ?		in the summer of 2010 , amir was awarded the man of the match award for becoming the youngest player to ever take a five - wicket haul in england .		was that against england ?		in that eventful series against england , he took 19 wickets ,		has he been honored by the pakistani government ?		has mohammad amir been honored by the pakistani government ?
mohammad amir		making mark in international arena		how did amir come to international attention ?		on 9 november 2009 he scored 73 runs against new zealand which was a record		what match was that in ?		odi		what other records did he set ?		the youngest player to ever take a five - wicket haul in england .		was he written about in the international press ?		i do n't know .		what was the reaction in pakistan ?		he impressed the pakistan cricket team ,		did he go on to any other notable matches ?		in the summer of 2010 , amir was awarded the man of the match award for becoming the youngest player to ever take a five - wicket haul in england .		was that against england ?		in that eventful series against england , he took 19 wickets ,		has he been honored by the pakistani government ?		i do n't know .		have there been any books written about him ?		have there been any books written about mohammad amir ?
mohammad amir		2017 icc champions trophy		what happened in 2017 ?		what happened to mohammad amir in 2017 ?
mohammad amir		2017 icc champions trophy		what happened in 2017 ?		amir played his second icc odi tournament in 2017 icc champions trophy .		who was he playing for ?		who was mohammad amir , playing for in 2017 ?
mohammad amir		2017 icc champions trophy		what happened in 2017 ?		amir played his second icc odi tournament in 2017 icc champions trophy .		who was he playing for ?		pakistan		did he do well that tournament ?		did mohammad amir , do well in the icc odi tournament in 2017 ?
mohammad amir		2017 icc champions trophy		what happened in 2017 ?		amir played his second icc odi tournament in 2017 icc champions trophy .		who was he playing for ?		pakistan		did he do well that tournament ?		along with skipper sarfraz ahmed , shared an unbeaten stand of 75 to guide his team to their fourth semi final of their champions trophy .		who did they play in the semi finals ?		what team did mohammad amir and sarfraz ahmed play in the semi finals of the icc odi tournament in 2017 ?
mohammad amir		2017 icc champions trophy		what happened in 2017 ?		amir played his second icc odi tournament in 2017 icc champions trophy .		who was he playing for ?		pakistan		did he do well that tournament ?		along with skipper sarfraz ahmed , shared an unbeaten stand of 75 to guide his team to their fourth semi final of their champions trophy .		who did they play in the semi finals ?		chasing sri lanka 's target of 237 ,		did they win ?		did mohammad amir and sarfraz ahmed win against sri lanka in the icc odi tournament in 2017 ?
mohammad amir		2017 icc champions trophy		what happened in 2017 ?		amir played his second icc odi tournament in 2017 icc champions trophy .		who was he playing for ?		pakistan		did he do well that tournament ?		along with skipper sarfraz ahmed , shared an unbeaten stand of 75 to guide his team to their fourth semi final of their champions trophy .		who did they play in the semi finals ?		chasing sri lanka 's target of 237 ,		did they win ?		pakistan won that match by 8 wickets .		who did they play in the finals ?		who did mohammad amir and sarfraz ahmed play in the finals of the icc odi tournament in 2017 ?
mohammad amir		2017 icc champions trophy		what happened in 2017 ?		amir played his second icc odi tournament in 2017 icc champions trophy .		who was he playing for ?		pakistan		did he do well that tournament ?		along with skipper sarfraz ahmed , shared an unbeaten stand of 75 to guide his team to their fourth semi final of their champions trophy .		who did they play in the semi finals ?		chasing sri lanka 's target of 237 ,		did they win ?		pakistan won that match by 8 wickets .		who did they play in the finals ?		amir was pivotal for helping pakistan win 2017 icc champions trophy by claiming top three wickets against arch - rivals india in the final .		did he win an award for his performance ?		did mohammad amir win an award for his performance in the icc odi tournament in 2017 ?
mohammad amir		2017 icc champions trophy		what happened in 2017 ?		amir played his second icc odi tournament in 2017 icc champions trophy .		who was he playing for ?		pakistan		did he do well that tournament ?		along with skipper sarfraz ahmed , shared an unbeaten stand of 75 to guide his team to their fourth semi final of their champions trophy .		who did they play in the semi finals ?		chasing sri lanka 's target of 237 ,		did they win ?		pakistan won that match by 8 wickets .		who did they play in the finals ?		amir was pivotal for helping pakistan win 2017 icc champions trophy by claiming top three wickets against arch - rivals india in the final .		did he win an award for his performance ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during the 2017 tournament ?		aside from pakistan winning , what else happened during the 2017 icc odi tournament ?
jimmy little		middle years:1980 - 1999		what was his career choice ?		what was jimmy little 's career choice ?
jimmy little		middle years:1980 - 1999		what was his career choice ?		by the 1980s little had turned to full - time acting , making his theatre debut in black cockatoos before appearing in director wim wenders ' 1991 film until the end of the world .		did he win anything		did jimmy little win anything ?
jimmy little		middle years:1980 - 1999		what was his career choice ?		by the 1980s little had turned to full - time acting , making his theatre debut in black cockatoos before appearing in director wim wenders ' 1991 film until the end of the world .		did he win anything		the title of naidoc aboriginal of the year in 1989 .		what happen next after he won that title		what happened next after jimmy little won naidoc aboriginal of the year ?
jimmy little		middle years:1980 - 1999		what was his career choice ?		by the 1980s little had turned to full - time acting , making his theatre debut in black cockatoos before appearing in director wim wenders ' 1991 film until the end of the world .		did he win anything		the title of naidoc aboriginal of the year in 1989 .		what happen next after he won that title		after winning that award little returned to working in the music industry .		what was his song titles		what was jimmy little 's song titles ?
jascha heifetz		career		how did his career start ?		how did jascha heifetz career start ?
jascha heifetz		career		how did his career start ?		on 27 october 1917 , heifetz played for the first time in the united states , at carnegie hall in new york , and became an immediate sensation .		did he ever release an album ?		did jascha heifetz ever release an album ?
jascha heifetz		career		how did his career start ?		on 27 october 1917 , heifetz played for the first time in the united states , at carnegie hall in new york , and became an immediate sensation .		did he ever release an album ?		i do n't know .		did he ever release music ?		did jascha heifetz ever release music ?
jascha heifetz		career		how did his career start ?		on 27 october 1917 , heifetz played for the first time in the united states , at carnegie hall in new york , and became an immediate sensation .		did he ever release an album ?		i do n't know .		did he ever release music ?		i do n't know .		did he ever retire ?		did jascha heifetz ever retire ?
jascha heifetz		career		how did his career start ?		on 27 october 1917 , heifetz played for the first time in the united states , at carnegie hall in new york , and became an immediate sensation .		did he ever release an album ?		i do n't know .		did he ever release music ?		i do n't know .		did he ever retire ?		by 1967 , heifetz had considerably curtailed his concert performances .		what did he do after retirement ?		what did jascha heifetz do after retirement ?
jascha heifetz		career		how did his career start ?		on 27 october 1917 , heifetz played for the first time in the united states , at carnegie hall in new york , and became an immediate sensation .		did he ever release an album ?		i do n't know .		did he ever release music ?		i do n't know .		did he ever retire ?		by 1967 , heifetz had considerably curtailed his concert performances .		what did he do after retirement ?		i do n't know .		is there anything interesting in the article ?		in jascha heifetz career , is there anything interesting in the article ?
juan sebastin vern		spell in england		what was spell in england ?		what was juan sebastin vern 's spell in england ?
juan sebastin vern		spell in england		what was spell in england ?		his spell at old trafford was not a great success .		why was n't it a great success ?		why was n't juan sebastin vern 's spell at old trafford a great success ?
juan sebastin vern		spell in england		what was spell in england ?		his spell at old trafford was not a great success .		why was n't it a great success ?		he had trouble adapting to the faster pace of the premiership and was not allowed the same space and time on the ball .		what else was bad about his time at old trafford ?		besides trouble adapting to the faster pace of the premiership , what else was bad about juan sebastin vern 's time at old trafford ?
juan sebastin vern		spell in england		what was spell in england ?		his spell at old trafford was not a great success .		why was n't it a great success ?		he had trouble adapting to the faster pace of the premiership and was not allowed the same space and time on the ball .		what else was bad about his time at old trafford ?		there was plenty of pressure on him at the start of his second season at old trafford		what else happened in his second season ?		besides pressure on juan sebastin vern at the start of the second season , what else happened in juan sebastin vern 's second season at old trafford ?
juan sebastin vern		spell in england		what was spell in england ?		his spell at old trafford was not a great success .		why was n't it a great success ?		he had trouble adapting to the faster pace of the premiership and was not allowed the same space and time on the ball .		what else was bad about his time at old trafford ?		there was plenty of pressure on him at the start of his second season at old trafford		what else happened in his second season ?		in the champions league , where he excelled due to the slower tempo of the matches ,		did he win games in the champions league ?		did juan sebastin vern win games in the champions league ?
juan sebastin vern		spell in england		what was spell in england ?		his spell at old trafford was not a great success .		why was n't it a great success ?		he had trouble adapting to the faster pace of the premiership and was not allowed the same space and time on the ball .		what else was bad about his time at old trafford ?		there was plenty of pressure on him at the start of his second season at old trafford		what else happened in his second season ?		in the champions league , where he excelled due to the slower tempo of the matches ,		did he win games in the champions league ?		at old trafford and his performances did improve considerably , especially in the champions league , where he excelled due to the slower tempo of the matches ,		what else was notable about his second season ?		besides juan sebastin vern 's improved performance in the champions league , what else was notable about juan sebastin vern 's second season at old trafford ?
juan sebastin vern		spell in england		what was spell in england ?		his spell at old trafford was not a great success .		why was n't it a great success ?		he had trouble adapting to the faster pace of the premiership and was not allowed the same space and time on the ball .		what else was bad about his time at old trafford ?		there was plenty of pressure on him at the start of his second season at old trafford		what else happened in his second season ?		in the champions league , where he excelled due to the slower tempo of the matches ,		did he win games in the champions league ?		at old trafford and his performances did improve considerably , especially in the champions league , where he excelled due to the slower tempo of the matches ,		what else was notable about his second season ?		questions over his performance led to an expletive laden tirade		what was the outcome of the tirade ?		what was the outcome of the tirade against juan sebastin vern 's performance in his second season at old trafford ?
juan sebastin vern		spell in england		what was spell in england ?		his spell at old trafford was not a great success .		why was n't it a great success ?		he had trouble adapting to the faster pace of the premiership and was not allowed the same space and time on the ball .		what else was bad about his time at old trafford ?		there was plenty of pressure on him at the start of his second season at old trafford		what else happened in his second season ?		in the champions league , where he excelled due to the slower tempo of the matches ,		did he win games in the champions league ?		at old trafford and his performances did improve considerably , especially in the champions league , where he excelled due to the slower tempo of the matches ,		what else was notable about his second season ?		questions over his performance led to an expletive laden tirade		what was the outcome of the tirade ?		fans and pundits alike agreed that the signing was an expensive flop .		did he sign with someone else ?		did juan sebastin vern sign with someone else other than manchester united ?
juan sebastin vern		spell in england		what was spell in england ?		his spell at old trafford was not a great success .		why was n't it a great success ?		he had trouble adapting to the faster pace of the premiership and was not allowed the same space and time on the ball .		what else was bad about his time at old trafford ?		there was plenty of pressure on him at the start of his second season at old trafford		what else happened in his second season ?		in the champions league , where he excelled due to the slower tempo of the matches ,		did he win games in the champions league ?		at old trafford and his performances did improve considerably , especially in the champions league , where he excelled due to the slower tempo of the matches ,		what else was notable about his second season ?		questions over his performance led to an expletive laden tirade		what was the outcome of the tirade ?		fans and pundits alike agreed that the signing was an expensive flop .		did he sign with someone else ?		he was eventually convinced by then chelsea manager claudio ranieri that his future lay at stamford bridge ,		when did he begin at stamford bridge ?		when did juan sebastin vern begin at stamford bridge ?
juan sebastin vern		spell in england		what was spell in england ?		his spell at old trafford was not a great success .		why was n't it a great success ?		he had trouble adapting to the faster pace of the premiership and was not allowed the same space and time on the ball .		what else was bad about his time at old trafford ?		there was plenty of pressure on him at the start of his second season at old trafford		what else happened in his second season ?		in the champions league , where he excelled due to the slower tempo of the matches ,		did he win games in the champions league ?		at old trafford and his performances did improve considerably , especially in the champions league , where he excelled due to the slower tempo of the matches ,		what else was notable about his second season ?		questions over his performance led to an expletive laden tirade		what was the outcome of the tirade ?		fans and pundits alike agreed that the signing was an expensive flop .		did he sign with someone else ?		he was eventually convinced by then chelsea manager claudio ranieri that his future lay at stamford bridge ,		when did he begin at stamford bridge ?		2003 - 04 season		how did he do at stamford bridge ?		how did juan sebastin vern do at stamford bridge ?
juan sebastin vern		spell in england		what was spell in england ?		his spell at old trafford was not a great success .		why was n't it a great success ?		he had trouble adapting to the faster pace of the premiership and was not allowed the same space and time on the ball .		what else was bad about his time at old trafford ?		there was plenty of pressure on him at the start of his second season at old trafford		what else happened in his second season ?		in the champions league , where he excelled due to the slower tempo of the matches ,		did he win games in the champions league ?		at old trafford and his performances did improve considerably , especially in the champions league , where he excelled due to the slower tempo of the matches ,		what else was notable about his second season ?		questions over his performance led to an expletive laden tirade		what was the outcome of the tirade ?		fans and pundits alike agreed that the signing was an expensive flop .		did he sign with someone else ?		he was eventually convinced by then chelsea manager claudio ranieri that his future lay at stamford bridge ,		when did he begin at stamford bridge ?		2003 - 04 season		how did he do at stamford bridge ?		veron made an excellent start to his chelsea career		what were the scores ?		what were the scores in juan sebastin vern 's debut game at stamford bridge ?
diponegoro		fighting against the dutch		when did he start fighting the dutch ?		when did diponegoro start fighting the dutch ?
diponegoro		fighting against the dutch		when did he start fighting the dutch ?		mount merapi 's eruption in 1822 and a cholera epidemic in 1824 furthered the view that a cataclysm is inbound ,		was he successful in his fight against the dutch ?		was diponegoro successful in his fight against the dutch ?
diponegoro		fighting against the dutch		when did he start fighting the dutch ?		mount merapi 's eruption in 1822 and a cholera epidemic in 1824 furthered the view that a cataclysm is inbound ,		was he successful in his fight against the dutch ?		many troops and leaders were defeated or deserted .		why did he fight the dutch ?		why did diponegoro fight the dutch ?
diponegoro		fighting against the dutch		when did he start fighting the dutch ?		mount merapi 's eruption in 1822 and a cholera epidemic in 1824 furthered the view that a cataclysm is inbound ,		was he successful in his fight against the dutch ?		many troops and leaders were defeated or deserted .		why did he fight the dutch ?		dutch colonial rule was becoming unpopular among local farmers because of tax rises , crop failures		did he try anything else before fighting ?		aside from fighting , did diponegoro try anything else before fighting ?
diponegoro		fighting against the dutch		when did he start fighting the dutch ?		mount merapi 's eruption in 1822 and a cholera epidemic in 1824 furthered the view that a cataclysm is inbound ,		was he successful in his fight against the dutch ?		many troops and leaders were defeated or deserted .		why did he fight the dutch ?		dutch colonial rule was becoming unpopular among local farmers because of tax rises , crop failures		did he try anything else before fighting ?		ambushes were set up , and food supplies were denied to the dutch troops .		how many were in his army ?		how many were in diponegoro 's army ?
diponegoro		fighting against the dutch		when did he start fighting the dutch ?		mount merapi 's eruption in 1822 and a cholera epidemic in 1824 furthered the view that a cataclysm is inbound ,		was he successful in his fight against the dutch ?		many troops and leaders were defeated or deserted .		why did he fight the dutch ?		dutch colonial rule was becoming unpopular among local farmers because of tax rises , crop failures		did he try anything else before fighting ?		ambushes were set up , and food supplies were denied to the dutch troops .		how many were in his army ?		i do n't know .		is there any interesting information ?		is there any interesting information about diponegoro ?
diponegoro		fighting against the dutch		when did he start fighting the dutch ?		mount merapi 's eruption in 1822 and a cholera epidemic in 1824 furthered the view that a cataclysm is inbound ,		was he successful in his fight against the dutch ?		many troops and leaders were defeated or deserted .		why did he fight the dutch ?		dutch colonial rule was becoming unpopular among local farmers because of tax rises , crop failures		did he try anything else before fighting ?		ambushes were set up , and food supplies were denied to the dutch troops .		how many were in his army ?		i do n't know .		is there any interesting information ?		diponogoro was widely believed to be the ratu adil , the just ruler predicted in the pralembang jayabaya .		what is the pralembrang jayabaya ?		what is the pralembrang jayabaya ?
orson welles		goodwill ambassador		what is a goodwill ambassador ?		what is a goodwill ambassador ?
orson welles		goodwill ambassador		what is a goodwill ambassador ?		the ociaa sponsored cultural tours to latin america and appointed goodwill ambassadors		what did he do ?		what did orson welles do as a goodwill ambassador ?
orson welles		goodwill ambassador		what is a goodwill ambassador ?		the ociaa sponsored cultural tours to latin america and appointed goodwill ambassadors		what did he do ?		in late november 1941 , welles was appointed as a goodwill ambassador to latin america by nelson rockefeller ,		was he good at it ?		was orson welles good at being a goodwill ambassador ?
orson welles		goodwill ambassador		what is a goodwill ambassador ?		the ociaa sponsored cultural tours to latin america and appointed goodwill ambassadors		what did he do ?		in late november 1941 , welles was appointed as a goodwill ambassador to latin america by nelson rockefeller ,		was he good at it ?		whitney wrote welles , " personally believe you would make great contribution to hemisphere solidarity with this project . "		what do you find interesting about the article ?		what do you find interesting about orson welles in the article ?
orson welles		goodwill ambassador		what is a goodwill ambassador ?		the ociaa sponsored cultural tours to latin america and appointed goodwill ambassadors		what did he do ?		in late november 1941 , welles was appointed as a goodwill ambassador to latin america by nelson rockefeller ,		was he good at it ?		whitney wrote welles , " personally believe you would make great contribution to hemisphere solidarity with this project . "		what do you find interesting about the article ?		in addition to working on his ill - fated film project , it 's all true , welles was responsible for radio programs , lectures , interviews and informal talks as part of his ociaa - sponsored cultural mission ,		did he have any other responsibilities ?		in addition to radio programs , lectures , interviews and informal talks , did orsen welles have any other responsibilities ?
orson welles		the mercury theatre on the air		what was the mercury theatre on the air ?		what was the mercury theatre on the air ?
orson welles		the mercury theatre on the air		what was the mercury theatre on the air ?		welles and houseman founded their own repertory company , which they called the mercury theatre .		what did this company do ?		what did the mercury theatre company do ?
orson welles		the mercury theatre on the air		what was the mercury theatre on the air ?		welles and houseman founded their own repertory company , which they called the mercury theatre .		what did this company do ?		the mercury theatre opened november 11 , 1937 , with caesar , welles 's modern - dress adaptation of shakespeare 's tragedy julius caesar --		how did the play do ?		how did the play caesar do ?
orson welles		the mercury theatre on the air		what was the mercury theatre on the air ?		welles and houseman founded their own repertory company , which they called the mercury theatre .		what did this company do ?		the mercury theatre opened november 11 , 1937 , with caesar , welles 's modern - dress adaptation of shakespeare 's tragedy julius caesar --		how did the play do ?		after the theatrical successes of the mercury theatre ,		what happened next in their business ?		what happened next to the mercury theater ?
orson welles		the mercury theatre on the air		what was the mercury theatre on the air ?		welles and houseman founded their own repertory company , which they called the mercury theatre .		what did this company do ?		the mercury theatre opened november 11 , 1937 , with caesar , welles 's modern - dress adaptation of shakespeare 's tragedy julius caesar --		how did the play do ?		after the theatrical successes of the mercury theatre ,		what happened next in their business ?		the mercury theatre 's radio adaptation of the war of the worlds by h. g. wells october 30 , 1938 , brought welles instant fame .		how successful was it ?		how successful was the war of the worlds ?
orson welles		the mercury theatre on the air		what was the mercury theatre on the air ?		welles and houseman founded their own repertory company , which they called the mercury theatre .		what did this company do ?		the mercury theatre opened november 11 , 1937 , with caesar , welles 's modern - dress adaptation of shakespeare 's tragedy julius caesar --		how did the play do ?		after the theatrical successes of the mercury theatre ,		what happened next in their business ?		the mercury theatre 's radio adaptation of the war of the worlds by h. g. wells october 30 , 1938 , brought welles instant fame .		how successful was it ?		brought welles instant fame .		did they win any awards ?		did the war of the worlds win any awards ?
john maynard keynes		second world war		what role did keynes play in the second world war ?		what role did keynes play in the second world war ?
john maynard keynes		second world war		what role did keynes play in the second world war ?		keynes argued in how to pay for the war ,		what position did he hold ?		what position did john maynard keynes hold in second world war ?
john maynard keynes		second world war		what role did keynes play in the second world war ?		keynes argued in how to pay for the war ,		what position did he hold ?		baron keynes , of tilton ,		was he instrumental in helping the government pay for the second world war ?		was john maynard keynes instrumental in helping the government pay for the second world war ?
john maynard keynes		second world war		what role did keynes play in the second world war ?		keynes argued in how to pay for the war ,		what position did he hold ?		baron keynes , of tilton ,		was he instrumental in helping the government pay for the second world war ?		compulsory saving would act to dampen domestic demand ,		what method did he use to pay for the second world war ?		what method did john maynard keynes use to pay for the second world war ?
john maynard keynes		second world war		what role did keynes play in the second world war ?		keynes argued in how to pay for the war ,		what position did he hold ?		baron keynes , of tilton ,		was he instrumental in helping the government pay for the second world war ?		compulsory saving would act to dampen domestic demand ,		what method did he use to pay for the second world war ?		that the war effort should be largely financed by higher taxation and especially by compulsory saving		was he praised for his work during the second world war ?		was john maynard keynes praised for his work during the second world war ?
john maynard keynes		second world war		what role did keynes play in the second world war ?		keynes argued in how to pay for the war ,		what position did he hold ?		baron keynes , of tilton ,		was he instrumental in helping the government pay for the second world war ?		compulsory saving would act to dampen domestic demand ,		what method did he use to pay for the second world war ?		that the war effort should be largely financed by higher taxation and especially by compulsory saving		was he praised for his work during the second world war ?		keynes was rewarded for his service with a hereditary peerage in the king 's birthday honours .		was he appointed to a special position ?		was john maynard keynes appointed to a special position during second world war ?
john maynard keynes		second world war		what role did keynes play in the second world war ?		keynes argued in how to pay for the war ,		what position did he hold ?		baron keynes , of tilton ,		was he instrumental in helping the government pay for the second world war ?		compulsory saving would act to dampen domestic demand ,		what method did he use to pay for the second world war ?		that the war effort should be largely financed by higher taxation and especially by compulsory saving		was he praised for his work during the second world war ?		keynes was rewarded for his service with a hereditary peerage in the king 's birthday honours .		was he appointed to a special position ?		on 7 july his title was gazetted as " baron keynes , of tilton , in the county of sussex "		is there anything interesting about his role in the second world war ?		is there anything interesting about john maynard keynes role in the second world war ?
john maynard keynes		first world war		what was john role in first world war ?		what was john maynard keynes 's role in first world war ?
john maynard keynes		first world war		what was john role in first world war ?		the british government called on keynes 's expertise during the first world war .		how did he help the british ?		how did john maynard keynes help the british in the first world war ?
john maynard keynes		first world war		what was john role in first world war ?		the british government called on keynes 's expertise during the first world war .		how did he help the british ?		among his responsibilities were the design of terms of credit between britain and its continental allies during the war , and the acquisition of scarce currencies .		which people were there to help him in the process ?		which people were there to help john maynard keynes in the process of acquiring scarce currencies ?
john maynard keynes		first world war		what was john role in first world war ?		the british government called on keynes 's expertise during the first world war .		how did he help the british ?		among his responsibilities were the design of terms of credit between britain and its continental allies during the war , and the acquisition of scarce currencies .		which people were there to help him in the process ?		i do n't know .		which other names were mentioned in the first world war ?		which other names were mentioned in the first world war , besides john maynard keynes ?
john maynard keynes		first world war		what was john role in first world war ?		the british government called on keynes 's expertise during the first world war .		how did he help the british ?		among his responsibilities were the design of terms of credit between britain and its continental allies during the war , and the acquisition of scarce currencies .		which people were there to help him in the process ?		i do n't know .		which other names were mentioned in the first world war ?		chancellor of the exchequer ( then lloyd george )		what was their role in the war ?		what was chancellor of the excheque 's role in the war ?
john maynard keynes		first world war		what was john role in first world war ?		the british government called on keynes 's expertise during the first world war .		how did he help the british ?		among his responsibilities were the design of terms of credit between britain and its continental allies during the war , and the acquisition of scarce currencies .		which people were there to help him in the process ?		i do n't know .		which other names were mentioned in the first world war ?		chancellor of the exchequer ( then lloyd george )		what was their role in the war ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article , in addition to john marnard keynes being responsible for the design of terms of credit between britain and its continental allies during the war , and the acquisition of scarce currencies ?
john maynard keynes		first world war		what was john role in first world war ?		the british government called on keynes 's expertise during the first world war .		how did he help the british ?		among his responsibilities were the design of terms of credit between britain and its continental allies during the war , and the acquisition of scarce currencies .		which people were there to help him in the process ?		i do n't know .		which other names were mentioned in the first world war ?		chancellor of the exchequer ( then lloyd george )		what was their role in the war ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in the 1917 king 's birthday honours , keynes was appointed companion of the order of the bath for his wartime work ,		did he win any award or recognition ?		did john maynard keynes win any award or recognition ?
john maynard keynes		first world war		what was john role in first world war ?		the british government called on keynes 's expertise during the first world war .		how did he help the british ?		among his responsibilities were the design of terms of credit between britain and its continental allies during the war , and the acquisition of scarce currencies .		which people were there to help him in the process ?		i do n't know .		which other names were mentioned in the first world war ?		chancellor of the exchequer ( then lloyd george )		what was their role in the war ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in the 1917 king 's birthday honours , keynes was appointed companion of the order of the bath for his wartime work ,		did he win any award or recognition ?		his success led to the appointment that would have a huge effect on keynes 's life and career ;		which kind of warrior was he regarded as ?		which kind of warrior was john maynard keynes regarded as ?
chester brown		vortex and ed the happy clown ( 1986 - 1989 )		what is vortex and ed the happy clown ?		what is vortex and ed the happy clown ?
chester brown		vortex and ed the happy clown ( 1986 - 1989 )		what is vortex and ed the happy clown ?		vortex comics publisher bill marks picked up yummy fur as a regular , initially bimonthly comic book .		when did the comic start ?		when did vortex and ed the happy clown start ?
chester brown		vortex and ed the happy clown ( 1986 - 1989 )		what is vortex and ed the happy clown ?		vortex comics publisher bill marks picked up yummy fur as a regular , initially bimonthly comic book .		when did the comic start ?		1986 ,		when did the comic end ?		when did vortex and ed the happy clown end ?
chester brown		vortex and ed the happy clown ( 1986 - 1989 )		what is vortex and ed the happy clown ?		vortex comics publisher bill marks picked up yummy fur as a regular , initially bimonthly comic book .		when did the comic start ?		1986 ,		when did the comic end ?		he brought ed to an abrupt end in yummy fur # 18 to turn to autobiography .		did brown collaborate with anyone on the comics ?		did brown collaborate with anyone on vortex and ed the happy clown ?
chester brown		vortex and ed the happy clown ( 1986 - 1989 )		what is vortex and ed the happy clown ?		vortex comics publisher bill marks picked up yummy fur as a regular , initially bimonthly comic book .		when did the comic start ?		1986 ,		when did the comic end ?		he brought ed to an abrupt end in yummy fur # 18 to turn to autobiography .		did brown collaborate with anyone on the comics ?		the first ed collection appeared , collecting the ed stories from the first twelve issues of yummy fur with an introduction by american splendor writer harvey pekar		did he work with anyone else ?		did brown work with anyone else besides harvey pekar ?
chester brown		vortex and ed the happy clown ( 1986 - 1989 )		what is vortex and ed the happy clown ?		vortex comics publisher bill marks picked up yummy fur as a regular , initially bimonthly comic book .		when did the comic start ?		1986 ,		when did the comic end ?		he brought ed to an abrupt end in yummy fur # 18 to turn to autobiography .		did brown collaborate with anyone on the comics ?		the first ed collection appeared , collecting the ed stories from the first twelve issues of yummy fur with an introduction by american splendor writer harvey pekar		did he work with anyone else ?		i do n't know .		how many comics were published ?		how many vortex and ed the happy clown were published ?
chester brown		vortex and ed the happy clown ( 1986 - 1989 )		what is vortex and ed the happy clown ?		vortex comics publisher bill marks picked up yummy fur as a regular , initially bimonthly comic book .		when did the comic start ?		1986 ,		when did the comic end ?		he brought ed to an abrupt end in yummy fur # 18 to turn to autobiography .		did brown collaborate with anyone on the comics ?		the first ed collection appeared , collecting the ed stories from the first twelve issues of yummy fur with an introduction by american splendor writer harvey pekar		did he work with anyone else ?		i do n't know .		how many comics were published ?		he brought ed to an abrupt end in yummy fur # 18 to turn to autobiography .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article aside from brown collaborating ?
chester brown		vortex and ed the happy clown ( 1986 - 1989 )		what is vortex and ed the happy clown ?		vortex comics publisher bill marks picked up yummy fur as a regular , initially bimonthly comic book .		when did the comic start ?		1986 ,		when did the comic end ?		he brought ed to an abrupt end in yummy fur # 18 to turn to autobiography .		did brown collaborate with anyone on the comics ?		the first ed collection appeared , collecting the ed stories from the first twelve issues of yummy fur with an introduction by american splendor writer harvey pekar		did he work with anyone else ?		i do n't know .		how many comics were published ?		he brought ed to an abrupt end in yummy fur # 18 to turn to autobiography .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the bizarre misfortunes of the title character include being inundated in the faeces of a man unable to stop defaecating ,		what other stories were included ?		what other stories were included besides defaecating ?
chester brown		autobio and drawn and quarterly ( 1990 - 1992 )		when did brown publish his autobio ?		when did chester brown publish his autobio ?
chester brown		autobio and drawn and quarterly ( 1990 - 1992 )		when did brown publish his autobio ?		the 19th issue of yummy fur began his brown 's autobiographical period .		what were critics ' opinions of the work ?		what were critics ' opinions of chester brown 's work ?
chester brown		autobio and drawn and quarterly ( 1990 - 1992 )		when did brown publish his autobio ?		the 19th issue of yummy fur began his brown 's autobiographical period .		what were critics ' opinions of the work ?		his friends were uncomfortable with his writing about their lives ,		was there anything else noteworthy about the autobiography ?		aside from chester 's friends being uncomfortable with his writing , was there anything else noteworthy about chester brown 's autobiography ?
chester brown		autobio and drawn and quarterly ( 1990 - 1992 )		when did brown publish his autobio ?		the 19th issue of yummy fur began his brown 's autobiographical period .		what were critics ' opinions of the work ?		his friends were uncomfortable with his writing about their lives ,		was there anything else noteworthy about the autobiography ?		playboy 's publisher hugh hefner wrote brown a letter of concern that brown could feel such guilt in a post - sexual revolution world .		what was drawn ?		what was drawn by chester brown ?
chester brown		autobio and drawn and quarterly ( 1990 - 1992 )		when did brown publish his autobio ?		the 19th issue of yummy fur began his brown 's autobiographical period .		what were critics ' opinions of the work ?		his friends were uncomfortable with his writing about their lives ,		was there anything else noteworthy about the autobiography ?		playboy 's publisher hugh hefner wrote brown a letter of concern that brown could feel such guilt in a post - sexual revolution world .		what was drawn ?		the panels no borders and arranging them organically on the page -- a style that was to characterize his work of this period .		did he popularize this style ?		did chester brown popularize his style ?
chester brown		autobio and drawn and quarterly ( 1990 - 1992 )		when did brown publish his autobio ?		the 19th issue of yummy fur began his brown 's autobiographical period .		what were critics ' opinions of the work ?		his friends were uncomfortable with his writing about their lives ,		was there anything else noteworthy about the autobiography ?		playboy 's publisher hugh hefner wrote brown a letter of concern that brown could feel such guilt in a post - sexual revolution world .		what was drawn ?		the panels no borders and arranging them organically on the page -- a style that was to characterize his work of this period .		did he popularize this style ?		i do n't know .		what was quarterly ?		what was quarterly by chester brown ?
chester brown		autobio and drawn and quarterly ( 1990 - 1992 )		when did brown publish his autobio ?		the 19th issue of yummy fur began his brown 's autobiographical period .		what were critics ' opinions of the work ?		his friends were uncomfortable with his writing about their lives ,		was there anything else noteworthy about the autobiography ?		playboy 's publisher hugh hefner wrote brown a letter of concern that brown could feel such guilt in a post - sexual revolution world .		what was drawn ?		the panels no borders and arranging them organically on the page -- a style that was to characterize his work of this period .		did he popularize this style ?		i do n't know .		what was quarterly ?		drawn and quarterly , which had also started publishing julie doucet .		was there anything else notable in the article ?		aside from chester brwown , was there anything else notable in the drawn and quarterly article ?
steve irwin		sporting activities		what kind of sports did steve irwin engage in ?		what kind of sports did steve irwin engage in ?
steve irwin		sporting activities		what kind of sports did steve irwin engage in ?		like many australians , he was an avid cricket fan .		where did he play cricket ?		where did steve irwin play cricket ?
steve irwin		sporting activities		what kind of sports did steve irwin engage in ?		like many australians , he was an avid cricket fan .		where did he play cricket ?		this was seen during his visit to sri lanka where he played cricket with some local children and said " i love cricket "		what 's another sport that he liked to play ?		besides cricket , what 's another sport that steve irwin liked to play ?
steve irwin		sporting activities		what kind of sports did steve irwin engage in ?		like many australians , he was an avid cricket fan .		where did he play cricket ?		this was seen during his visit to sri lanka where he played cricket with some local children and said " i love cricket "		what 's another sport that he liked to play ?		irwin loved mixed martial arts competitions and trained with greg jackson in the fighting / grappling system of gaidojutsu .		was he ever in any competitions ?		was steve irwin ever in any competitions ?
steve irwin		sporting activities		what kind of sports did steve irwin engage in ?		like many australians , he was an avid cricket fan .		where did he play cricket ?		this was seen during his visit to sri lanka where he played cricket with some local children and said " i love cricket "		what 's another sport that he liked to play ?		irwin loved mixed martial arts competitions and trained with greg jackson in the fighting / grappling system of gaidojutsu .		was he ever in any competitions ?		irwin was also a fan of rugby league . as a teenager , he played for the caloundra sharks as a second - rower ,		was he a fan of any rugby teams ?		was steve irwin a fan of any rugby teams ?
steve irwin		controversies		what kind of controversies was he involved with ?		what kind of controversies was steve irwin involved with ?
steve irwin		controversies		what kind of controversies was he involved with ?		irwin carried his one - month - old son , bob , in his arm while hand - feeding a chicken carcass to murray , a 3.8-metre ( 12 ft 6 in ) saltwater crocodile .		did he do anything else that was controversial involving his children ?		aside from feeding a crocodile while holding his son , did steve irwin do anything else that was controversial involving his children ?
steve irwin		controversies		what kind of controversies was he involved with ?		irwin carried his one - month - old son , bob , in his arm while hand - feeding a chicken carcass to murray , a 3.8-metre ( 12 ft 6 in ) saltwater crocodile .		did he do anything else that was controversial involving his children ?		i do n't know .		why is steve irwin considered to be controversial ?		why is steve irwin considered to be controversial ?
steve irwin		controversies		what kind of controversies was he involved with ?		irwin carried his one - month - old son , bob , in his arm while hand - feeding a chicken carcass to murray , a 3.8-metre ( 12 ft 6 in ) saltwater crocodile .		did he do anything else that was controversial involving his children ?		i do n't know .		why is steve irwin considered to be controversial ?		irwin was criticised for having an unsophisticated view of conservation in australia that seemed more linked to tourism than to the problems australia faces as a continent .		what was his views on conservation ?		what were steve irwin 's views on conservation ?
steve irwin		controversies		what kind of controversies was he involved with ?		irwin carried his one - month - old son , bob , in his arm while hand - feeding a chicken carcass to murray , a 3.8-metre ( 12 ft 6 in ) saltwater crocodile .		did he do anything else that was controversial involving his children ?		i do n't know .		why is steve irwin considered to be controversial ?		irwin was criticised for having an unsophisticated view of conservation in australia that seemed more linked to tourism than to the problems australia faces as a continent .		what was his views on conservation ?		" cows have been on our land for so long that australia has evolved to handle those big animals . "		what other animals were there controversies about ?		besides crocodiles , other animals were there controversies with steve irwin about ?
frank turner		tape deck heart , mongol horde and the third three years ( 2013 - 2014 )		what year did tape deck come out ?		what year did tape deck heart by frank turner come out ?
frank turner		tape deck heart , mongol horde and the third three years ( 2013 - 2014 )		what year did tape deck come out ?		on 19 february 2013 , it was announced that turner had signed a licensing deal with interscope records in the us for tape deck heart .		where did he record the album at ?		where did frank turner record the album ' ' tape deck heart ' ' at ?
frank turner		tape deck heart , mongol horde and the third three years ( 2013 - 2014 )		what year did tape deck come out ?		on 19 february 2013 , it was announced that turner had signed a licensing deal with interscope records in the us for tape deck heart .		where did he record the album at ?		i do n't know .		did he ever go on tour after releasing the album ?		did frank turner ever go on tour after releasing the album ' ' tape deck heart ' ' ?
frank turner		tape deck heart , mongol horde and the third three years ( 2013 - 2014 )		what year did tape deck come out ?		on 19 february 2013 , it was announced that turner had signed a licensing deal with interscope records in the us for tape deck heart .		where did he record the album at ?		i do n't know .		did he ever go on tour after releasing the album ?		following the release of the album frank turner embarked on a short uk tour .		were there any singles from tape deck heart ?		were there any singles from tape deck heart album by frank turner ?
frank turner		tape deck heart , mongol horde and the third three years ( 2013 - 2014 )		what year did tape deck come out ?		on 19 february 2013 , it was announced that turner had signed a licensing deal with interscope records in the us for tape deck heart .		where did he record the album at ?		i do n't know .		did he ever go on tour after releasing the album ?		following the release of the album frank turner embarked on a short uk tour .		were there any singles from tape deck heart ?		on the same day frank announced on twitter that the single was the song " recovery " .		what came after tape deck heart ?		what came after tape deck heart album by frank turner ?
frank turner		tape deck heart , mongol horde and the third three years ( 2013 - 2014 )		what year did tape deck come out ?		on 19 february 2013 , it was announced that turner had signed a licensing deal with interscope records in the us for tape deck heart .		where did he record the album at ?		i do n't know .		did he ever go on tour after releasing the album ?		following the release of the album frank turner embarked on a short uk tour .		were there any singles from tape deck heart ?		on the same day frank announced on twitter that the single was the song " recovery " .		what came after tape deck heart ?		in q2 2014 , turner announced that he was currently in the process of making a sixth studio album .		what was the name of the sixth album ?		what was the name of the sixth album by frank turner ?
frank turner		tape deck heart , mongol horde and the third three years ( 2013 - 2014 )		what year did tape deck come out ?		on 19 february 2013 , it was announced that turner had signed a licensing deal with interscope records in the us for tape deck heart .		where did he record the album at ?		i do n't know .		did he ever go on tour after releasing the album ?		following the release of the album frank turner embarked on a short uk tour .		were there any singles from tape deck heart ?		on the same day frank announced on twitter that the single was the song " recovery " .		what came after tape deck heart ?		in q2 2014 , turner announced that he was currently in the process of making a sixth studio album .		what was the name of the sixth album ?		turner announced on his twitter page that he was collating the third three years .		did he release any other albums ?		in addition to ' ' the third three years ' ' and ' ' tape deck heart'',did frank turner release any other albums ?
frank turner		tape deck heart , mongol horde and the third three years ( 2013 - 2014 )		what year did tape deck come out ?		on 19 february 2013 , it was announced that turner had signed a licensing deal with interscope records in the us for tape deck heart .		where did he record the album at ?		i do n't know .		did he ever go on tour after releasing the album ?		following the release of the album frank turner embarked on a short uk tour .		were there any singles from tape deck heart ?		on the same day frank announced on twitter that the single was the song " recovery " .		what came after tape deck heart ?		in q2 2014 , turner announced that he was currently in the process of making a sixth studio album .		what was the name of the sixth album ?		turner announced on his twitter page that he was collating the third three years .		did he release any other albums ?		date . during the november and december uk tour a free cd titled good hangs from xtra mile recordings was distributed for free		anything interesting you can tell me about him ?		anything interesting you can tell me about frank turner ?
dr. john		voodoo influence		what was the voodoo influence ?		what was the voodoo influence ?
dr. john		voodoo influence		what was the voodoo influence ?		rebennack was always fascinated with new orleans voodoo , and in los angeles he developed the idea of the dr. john persona for his old friend ronnie barron .		so what did he do with the dr john persona ?		so what did rebennack do with the dr. john persona ?
dr. john		voodoo influence		what was the voodoo influence ?		rebennack was always fascinated with new orleans voodoo , and in los angeles he developed the idea of the dr. john persona for his old friend ronnie barron .		so what did he do with the dr john persona ?		he recalls reading about the original doctor john in his youth , a purported senegalese prince who came to new orleans from haiti , a medicinal and spiritual healer .		did he release any albums with this persona ?		did rebennack release any albums with ronnie barron ?
dr. john		voodoo influence		what was the voodoo influence ?		rebennack was always fascinated with new orleans voodoo , and in los angeles he developed the idea of the dr. john persona for his old friend ronnie barron .		so what did he do with the dr john persona ?		he recalls reading about the original doctor john in his youth , a purported senegalese prince who came to new orleans from haiti , a medicinal and spiritual healer .		did he release any albums with this persona ?		rebennack imagined that this character could front an interesting stage show , while serving as an emblem of new orleans heritage .		what stage shows did he perform ?		what stage shows did rebennack perform ?
dr. john		voodoo influence		what was the voodoo influence ?		rebennack was always fascinated with new orleans voodoo , and in los angeles he developed the idea of the dr. john persona for his old friend ronnie barron .		so what did he do with the dr john persona ?		he recalls reading about the original doctor john in his youth , a purported senegalese prince who came to new orleans from haiti , a medicinal and spiritual healer .		did he release any albums with this persona ?		rebennack imagined that this character could front an interesting stage show , while serving as an emblem of new orleans heritage .		what stage shows did he perform ?		i do n't know .		did he perform any other shows ?		did rebennack perform any shows other than dr. john 's one ?
dr. john		voodoo influence		what was the voodoo influence ?		rebennack was always fascinated with new orleans voodoo , and in los angeles he developed the idea of the dr. john persona for his old friend ronnie barron .		so what did he do with the dr john persona ?		he recalls reading about the original doctor john in his youth , a purported senegalese prince who came to new orleans from haiti , a medicinal and spiritual healer .		did he release any albums with this persona ?		rebennack imagined that this character could front an interesting stage show , while serving as an emblem of new orleans heritage .		what stage shows did he perform ?		i do n't know .		did he perform any other shows ?		i do n't know .		did he collaborate with any other bands ?		did rebennack collaborate with any bands aside from ronnie barron ?
gypsy ( musical )		2003 broadway revival		what happened in 2003 ?		what happened with the gypsy musical in 2003 ?
gypsy ( musical )		2003 broadway revival		what happened in 2003 ?		a new broadway revival began previews on march 31 , 2003 and opened on may 1 , 2003 at the shubert theatre .		was the revival successful ?		was the 2003 revival of the musical gypsy successful ?
gypsy ( musical )		2003 broadway revival		what happened in 2003 ?		a new broadway revival began previews on march 31 , 2003 and opened on may 1 , 2003 at the shubert theatre .		was the revival successful ?		one of the main reasons i wanted to do the piece was to cast someone as rose that was closer to rose as she really existed , '		how long did it run ?		how long did the 2003 broadway revival of the gypsy run ?
gypsy ( musical )		2003 broadway revival		what happened in 2003 ?		a new broadway revival began previews on march 31 , 2003 and opened on may 1 , 2003 at the shubert theatre .		was the revival successful ?		one of the main reasons i wanted to do the piece was to cast someone as rose that was closer to rose as she really existed , '		how long did it run ?		gypsy twice set new box office records for the shubert theatre .		what was the record ?		what was the record gross for the gypsy 's 2003 broadway revival ?
gypsy ( musical )		2003 broadway revival		what happened in 2003 ?		a new broadway revival began previews on march 31 , 2003 and opened on may 1 , 2003 at the shubert theatre .		was the revival successful ?		one of the main reasons i wanted to do the piece was to cast someone as rose that was closer to rose as she really existed , '		how long did it run ?		gypsy twice set new box office records for the shubert theatre .		what was the record ?		its gross of $ 853,476 for the week of june 9 - 14 , 2003 was the highest ever gross for a non - holiday week and		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than the gypsy 's revival grossing $ 853,476 for the week of june 9 - 14 , 2003 , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
gypsy ( musical )		2003 broadway revival		what happened in 2003 ?		a new broadway revival began previews on march 31 , 2003 and opened on may 1 , 2003 at the shubert theatre .		was the revival successful ?		one of the main reasons i wanted to do the piece was to cast someone as rose that was closer to rose as she really existed , '		how long did it run ?		gypsy twice set new box office records for the shubert theatre .		what was the record ?		its gross of $ 853,476 for the week of june 9 - 14 , 2003 was the highest ever gross for a non - holiday week and		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the subsequent june 15 - 21 , 2003 box office gross of $ 874,397 represented the highest gross for a show in shubert history .		did it set any other records ?		did the gypsy 's 2003 revival set records other than the highest gross for a show in shubert history ?
tim kaine		committee assignments and caucuses		what committee assignments did he take part in ?		what committee assignments did tim kaine take part in ?
tim kaine		committee assignments and caucuses		what committee assignments did he take part in ?		in the 113th congress ( 2013 - 15 ) , kaine was on the committee on armed services , the committee on the budget , and the committee on foreign relations .		what did he do on the committee of armed services ?		what did tim kaine do on the committee of armed services ?
tim kaine		committee assignments and caucuses		what committee assignments did he take part in ?		in the 113th congress ( 2013 - 15 ) , kaine was on the committee on armed services , the committee on the budget , and the committee on foreign relations .		what did he do on the committee of armed services ?		subcommittee on emerging threats and capabilities , the subcommittee on readiness and management support ( for which he is the ranking member ) , and the subcommittee on seapower .		what title did he hold ?		what title did tim kaine hold ?
tim kaine		committee assignments and caucuses		what committee assignments did he take part in ?		in the 113th congress ( 2013 - 15 ) , kaine was on the committee on armed services , the committee on the budget , and the committee on foreign relations .		what did he do on the committee of armed services ?		subcommittee on emerging threats and capabilities , the subcommittee on readiness and management support ( for which he is the ranking member ) , and the subcommittee on seapower .		what title did he hold ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to the committee of armed services , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
tim kaine		committee assignments and caucuses		what committee assignments did he take part in ?		in the 113th congress ( 2013 - 15 ) , kaine was on the committee on armed services , the committee on the budget , and the committee on foreign relations .		what did he do on the committee of armed services ?		subcommittee on emerging threats and capabilities , the subcommittee on readiness and management support ( for which he is the ranking member ) , and the subcommittee on seapower .		what title did he hold ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in january 2014 , kaine , with republican senator rob portman of ohio , established the bipartisan senate career and technical education caucus ( cte caucus ) , which focuses on vocational education and technical education .		did he gain any positive or negative recognition ?		did tim kaine gain any positive or negative recognition ?
tim kaine		committee assignments and caucuses		what committee assignments did he take part in ?		in the 113th congress ( 2013 - 15 ) , kaine was on the committee on armed services , the committee on the budget , and the committee on foreign relations .		what did he do on the committee of armed services ?		subcommittee on emerging threats and capabilities , the subcommittee on readiness and management support ( for which he is the ranking member ) , and the subcommittee on seapower .		what title did he hold ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in january 2014 , kaine , with republican senator rob portman of ohio , established the bipartisan senate career and technical education caucus ( cte caucus ) , which focuses on vocational education and technical education .		did he gain any positive or negative recognition ?		i do n't know .		what did he accomplish as a committee member on the budget ?		what did tim kaine accomplish as a committee member on the budget ?
al gore		harvard		what was gore like while in harvard ?		what was gore like while in harvard ?
al gore		harvard		what was gore like while in harvard ?		gore enrolled in harvard college in 1965 ; he initially planned to major in english and write novels but later decided to major in government .		how did he do there ?		how did gore do there ?
al gore		harvard		what was gore like while in harvard ?		gore enrolled in harvard college in 1965 ; he initially planned to major in english and write novels but later decided to major in government .		how did he do there ?		during his first two years , his grades placed him in the lower one - fifth of his class .		did he start applying himself more after that ?		did gore start applying himself more after been placed in the lower one - fifth of the class ?
al gore		harvard		what was gore like while in harvard ?		gore enrolled in harvard college in 1965 ; he initially planned to major in english and write novels but later decided to major in government .		how did he do there ?		during his first two years , his grades placed him in the lower one - fifth of his class .		did he start applying himself more after that ?		in his junior and senior years , he became more involved with his studies , earning as and bs .		did he get into any trouble while there ?		did gore get into any trouble while in harvard ?
al gore		harvard		what was gore like while in harvard ?		gore enrolled in harvard college in 1965 ; he initially planned to major in english and write novels but later decided to major in government .		how did he do there ?		during his first two years , his grades placed him in the lower one - fifth of his class .		did he start applying himself more after that ?		in his junior and senior years , he became more involved with his studies , earning as and bs .		did he get into any trouble while there ?		i do n't know .		did he graduate ?		did gore graduate ?
al gore		harvard		what was gore like while in harvard ?		gore enrolled in harvard college in 1965 ; he initially planned to major in english and write novels but later decided to major in government .		how did he do there ?		during his first two years , his grades placed him in the lower one - fifth of his class .		did he start applying himself more after that ?		in his junior and senior years , he became more involved with his studies , earning as and bs .		did he get into any trouble while there ?		i do n't know .		did he graduate ?		graduated with an a.b. cum laude in june 1969 .		what else did he do while there ?		in addition to becoming more involved with his studies , earning as and bs what else did gore do while in harvard ?
al gore		harvard		what was gore like while in harvard ?		gore enrolled in harvard college in 1965 ; he initially planned to major in english and write novels but later decided to major in government .		how did he do there ?		during his first two years , his grades placed him in the lower one - fifth of his class .		did he start applying himself more after that ?		in his junior and senior years , he became more involved with his studies , earning as and bs .		did he get into any trouble while there ?		i do n't know .		did he graduate ?		graduated with an a.b. cum laude in june 1969 .		what else did he do while there ?		he took a class with oceanographer and global warming theorist roger revelle , who sparked gore 's interest in global warming and other environmental issues .		what else did he do with global warming at that time ?		besides taking a class with oceanographer and global warming theorist roger revelle what else did gore do with global warming in 1969 ?
al gore		harvard		what was gore like while in harvard ?		gore enrolled in harvard college in 1965 ; he initially planned to major in english and write novels but later decided to major in government .		how did he do there ?		during his first two years , his grades placed him in the lower one - fifth of his class .		did he start applying himself more after that ?		in his junior and senior years , he became more involved with his studies , earning as and bs .		did he get into any trouble while there ?		i do n't know .		did he graduate ?		graduated with an a.b. cum laude in june 1969 .		what else did he do while there ?		he took a class with oceanographer and global warming theorist roger revelle , who sparked gore 's interest in global warming and other environmental issues .		what else did he do with global warming at that time ?		i do n't know .		did re recieve any awards or special acknowledgements ?		did gore receive any awards or special acknowledgements ?
cecil rhodes		diamonds and the establishment of de beers		when was de beers established ?		when was de beers established ?
cecil rhodes		diamonds and the establishment of de beers		when was de beers established ?		13 march 1888 ,		what was de beers ?		what was de beers ?
cecil rhodes		diamonds and the establishment of de beers		when was de beers established ?		13 march 1888 ,		what was de beers ?		consolidated mines		did de beers accomplish anything significant ?		did de beers accomplish anything significant ?
cecil rhodes		diamonds and the establishment of de beers		when was de beers established ?		13 march 1888 ,		what was de beers ?		consolidated mines		did de beers accomplish anything significant ?		rhodes was named the chairman of de beers at the company 's founding in 1888 .		did de beers have any set backs or obstacles ?		did de beers have any set backs or obstacles ?
rupaul		2011 - 2013 : glamazon , make - up and perfume line		what was glamazon ?		what was ru paul 's glamazon ?
rupaul		2011 - 2013 : glamazon , make - up and perfume line		what was glamazon ?		his sixth studio album		did it have any singles ?		did ru paul 's glamazon have any singles ?
rupaul		2011 - 2013 : glamazon , make - up and perfume line		what was glamazon ?		his sixth studio album		did it have any singles ?		remixes of the " drag u theme song " , and a new song , " sexy drag queen " .		was the album a success ?		was the album ru paul 's glamazon a success ?
rupaul		2011 - 2013 : glamazon , make - up and perfume line		what was glamazon ?		his sixth studio album		did it have any singles ?		remixes of the " drag u theme song " , and a new song , " sexy drag queen " .		was the album a success ?		the album charted on the billboard dance / electronic albums chart and the billboard top heatseekers chart at number 11 and 8 respectively .		did the album lead to any other roles ?		did the album glamazon lead to any other roles , aside from charting on on the billboard dance / electronic albums chart and the billboard top heatseekers chart at number 11 and 8 ?
rupaul		2011 - 2013 : glamazon , make - up and perfume line		what was glamazon ?		his sixth studio album		did it have any singles ?		remixes of the " drag u theme song " , and a new song , " sexy drag queen " .		was the album a success ?		the album charted on the billboard dance / electronic albums chart and the billboard top heatseekers chart at number 11 and 8 respectively .		did the album lead to any other roles ?		aired . in late 2011 , promotions for season 4 of drag race began .		what did rupaul do with make - up ?		what did rupaul do with make - up ?
rupaul		2011 - 2013 : glamazon , make - up and perfume line		what was glamazon ?		his sixth studio album		did it have any singles ?		remixes of the " drag u theme song " , and a new song , " sexy drag queen " .		was the album a success ?		the album charted on the billboard dance / electronic albums chart and the billboard top heatseekers chart at number 11 and 8 respectively .		did the album lead to any other roles ?		aired . in late 2011 , promotions for season 4 of drag race began .		what did rupaul do with make - up ?		in fall of 2013 , rupaul joined forces with cosmetic manufacturers colorevolution to launch his debut make - up line		was the makeup line a success ?		was the makeup line colorevolution a success ?
rupaul		early life and career		where was rupaul born ?		where was rupaul born ?
rupaul		early life and career		where was rupaul born ?		san diego , california ,		who were his parents ?		who were rupaul 's parents ?
rupaul		early life and career		where was rupaul born ?		san diego , california ,		who were his parents ?		he was named by his mother , ernestine " toni " charles ,		when did he start his career ?		when did rupaul start his career ?
rupaul		early life and career		where was rupaul born ?		san diego , california ,		who were his parents ?		he was named by his mother , ernestine " toni " charles ,		when did he start his career ?		rupaul 's first prominent united states national exposure came in 1989 with an extra role dancing in the video for " love shack " by the b-52 's .		what did he do after that ?		what did rupaul do after his extra roll in the " love shack " video ?
rupaul		early life and career		where was rupaul born ?		san diego , california ,		who were his parents ?		he was named by his mother , ernestine " toni " charles ,		when did he start his career ?		rupaul 's first prominent united states national exposure came in 1989 with an extra role dancing in the video for " love shack " by the b-52 's .		what did he do after that ?		in the early 1990s , rupaul worked the georgia club scene and was known by his full birth name . initially participating in gender bender - style performances ,		did he start working as a drag queen in the club scene ?		did rupaul start working as a drag queen in the club scene ?
sakis rouvas		vocal style		what kind of vocal style does sakis rouvas have ?		what kind of vocal style does sakis rouvas have ?
sakis rouvas		vocal style		what kind of vocal style does sakis rouvas have ?		these criticisms diminished by the second decade of rouvas ' career ; his technical skills ( range , power and versatility in particular ) and expression are better appreciated .		what criticisms did he receive ?		what criticisms did sakis rouvas receive ?
sakis rouvas		vocal style		what kind of vocal style does sakis rouvas have ?		these criticisms diminished by the second decade of rouvas ' career ; his technical skills ( range , power and versatility in particular ) and expression are better appreciated .		what criticisms did he receive ?		rouvas ' detractors have criticized his voice as average , or limited , contending that his appeal is based on image .		what other criticisms are there ?		aside from the criticism of rouvas 's voice , what other criticisms are there ?
sakis rouvas		vocal style		what kind of vocal style does sakis rouvas have ?		these criticisms diminished by the second decade of rouvas ' career ; his technical skills ( range , power and versatility in particular ) and expression are better appreciated .		what criticisms did he receive ?		rouvas ' detractors have criticized his voice as average , or limited , contending that his appeal is based on image .		what other criticisms are there ?		i do n't know .		is there anything liked about his vocal style ?		is there anything liked about rouvas ' vocal style ?
sakis rouvas		vocal style		what kind of vocal style does sakis rouvas have ?		these criticisms diminished by the second decade of rouvas ' career ; his technical skills ( range , power and versatility in particular ) and expression are better appreciated .		what criticisms did he receive ?		rouvas ' detractors have criticized his voice as average , or limited , contending that his appeal is based on image .		what other criticisms are there ?		i do n't know .		is there anything liked about his vocal style ?		reviewers have praised rouvas ' live performances , particularly his ability to execute " especially difficult and demanding songs " , hold long , high notes and dance while singing .		are there any examples of difficult songs he sings ?		are there any examples of difficult songs rouvas sings ?
sakis rouvas		vocal style		what kind of vocal style does sakis rouvas have ?		these criticisms diminished by the second decade of rouvas ' career ; his technical skills ( range , power and versatility in particular ) and expression are better appreciated .		what criticisms did he receive ?		rouvas ' detractors have criticized his voice as average , or limited , contending that his appeal is based on image .		what other criticisms are there ?		i do n't know .		is there anything liked about his vocal style ?		reviewers have praised rouvas ' live performances , particularly his ability to execute " especially difficult and demanding songs " , hold long , high notes and dance while singing .		are there any examples of difficult songs he sings ?		" especially difficult and demanding songs " ,		are there any influences to his vocal style ?		are there any influences to the vocal style of rouvas ?
sakis rouvas		vocal style		what kind of vocal style does sakis rouvas have ?		these criticisms diminished by the second decade of rouvas ' career ; his technical skills ( range , power and versatility in particular ) and expression are better appreciated .		what criticisms did he receive ?		rouvas ' detractors have criticized his voice as average , or limited , contending that his appeal is based on image .		what other criticisms are there ?		i do n't know .		is there anything liked about his vocal style ?		reviewers have praised rouvas ' live performances , particularly his ability to execute " especially difficult and demanding songs " , hold long , high notes and dance while singing .		are there any examples of difficult songs he sings ?		" especially difficult and demanding songs " ,		are there any influences to his vocal style ?		during his 1997 - 98 hiatus , rouvas received voice lessons from american coach raz kennedy focusing on rock and blues techniques .		what inspired him to begin singing ?		what inspired sakis rouvas to begin singing ?
sakis rouvas		film and television		what was his first tv appearance ?		what was sakis rouvas ' first tv appearance ?
sakis rouvas		film and television		what was his first tv appearance ?		he received an offer from village roadshow .		did he accept and appear on the show ?		did sakis rouvas accept and appear on village roadshow ?
sakis rouvas		film and television		what was his first tv appearance ?		he received an offer from village roadshow .		did he accept and appear on the show ?		i do n't know .		what was his next tv offer ?		what was sakis rouvas next tv offer ?
sakis rouvas		film and television		what was his first tv appearance ?		he received an offer from village roadshow .		did he accept and appear on the show ?		i do n't know .		what was his next tv offer ?		in rouvas ' first feature film , alter ego ( of which he was also associate producer ) ,		did he act in alter ego , or just sing ?		did sakis rouvas act in alter ego , or just sing ?
sakis rouvas		film and television		what was his first tv appearance ?		he received an offer from village roadshow .		did he accept and appear on the show ?		i do n't know .		what was his next tv offer ?		in rouvas ' first feature film , alter ego ( of which he was also associate producer ) ,		did he act in alter ego , or just sing ?		he played a role similar to himself .		did the film do well ?		did alter ego do well ?
sakis rouvas		film and television		what was his first tv appearance ?		he received an offer from village roadshow .		did he accept and appear on the show ?		i do n't know .		what was his next tv offer ?		in rouvas ' first feature film , alter ego ( of which he was also associate producer ) ,		did he act in alter ego , or just sing ?		he played a role similar to himself .		did the film do well ?		i do n't know .		what other films has he been in ?		in addition to alter ego , what other films has sakis rouvas been in ?
sakis rouvas		film and television		what was his first tv appearance ?		he received an offer from village roadshow .		did he accept and appear on the show ?		i do n't know .		what was his next tv offer ?		in rouvas ' first feature film , alter ego ( of which he was also associate producer ) ,		did he act in alter ego , or just sing ?		he played a role similar to himself .		did the film do well ?		i do n't know .		what other films has he been in ?		rouvas ' second film ( the indie duress ) was a hollywood psychological thriller		what year was it released ?		what year was the indie duress released ?
sakis rouvas		film and television		what was his first tv appearance ?		he received an offer from village roadshow .		did he accept and appear on the show ?		i do n't know .		what was his next tv offer ?		in rouvas ' first feature film , alter ego ( of which he was also associate producer ) ,		did he act in alter ego , or just sing ?		he played a role similar to himself .		did the film do well ?		i do n't know .		what other films has he been in ?		rouvas ' second film ( the indie duress ) was a hollywood psychological thriller		what year was it released ?		i do n't know .		was duress a success ?		was the indie duress a success ?
nancy benoit		world championship wrestling ( 1996 - 1997 )		what happened in 1996 ?		what happened to nancy benoit in the world championship wrestling in 1996 ?
nancy benoit		world championship wrestling ( 1996 - 1997 )		what happened in 1996 ?		after being dumped by sandman and scorpio in ecw , she once again resurfaced in wcw , first appearing on the january 22 , 1996 episode		what happened in the episode ?		what happened to nancy benoit in the wcw january 22 , 1996 episode ?
nancy benoit		world championship wrestling ( 1996 - 1997 )		what happened in 1996 ?		after being dumped by sandman and scorpio in ecw , she once again resurfaced in wcw , first appearing on the january 22 , 1996 episode		what happened in the episode ?		one of many women who stood in the aisle and waved as hulk hogan and randy savage came to the ring .		did she appear in following episodes ?		did nancy benoit appear in following episodes of wcw ?
nancy benoit		world championship wrestling ( 1996 - 1997 )		what happened in 1996 ?		after being dumped by sandman and scorpio in ecw , she once again resurfaced in wcw , first appearing on the january 22 , 1996 episode		what happened in the episode ?		one of many women who stood in the aisle and waved as hulk hogan and randy savage came to the ring .		did she appear in following episodes ?		on the february 5 episode of nitro she turned on savage during his match with chris benoit and rejoined flair ,		did she wrestle or just wave ?		did nancy benoit wrestle or just wave ?
nancy benoit		world championship wrestling ( 1996 - 1997 )		what happened in 1996 ?		after being dumped by sandman and scorpio in ecw , she once again resurfaced in wcw , first appearing on the january 22 , 1996 episode		what happened in the episode ?		one of many women who stood in the aisle and waved as hulk hogan and randy savage came to the ring .		did she appear in following episodes ?		on the february 5 episode of nitro she turned on savage during his match with chris benoit and rejoined flair ,		did she wrestle or just wave ?		i do n't know .		what was her wrestling name ?		what was nancy benoit 's wrestling name ?
nancy benoit		world championship wrestling ( 1996 - 1997 )		what happened in 1996 ?		after being dumped by sandman and scorpio in ecw , she once again resurfaced in wcw , first appearing on the january 22 , 1996 episode		what happened in the episode ?		one of many women who stood in the aisle and waved as hulk hogan and randy savage came to the ring .		did she appear in following episodes ?		on the february 5 episode of nitro she turned on savage during his match with chris benoit and rejoined flair ,		did she wrestle or just wave ?		i do n't know .		what was her wrestling name ?		wrestling appearance as woman		did she tag - team ?		did nancy benoit tag - team wrestle ?
nancy benoit		world championship wrestling ( 1996 - 1997 )		what happened in 1996 ?		after being dumped by sandman and scorpio in ecw , she once again resurfaced in wcw , first appearing on the january 22 , 1996 episode		what happened in the episode ?		one of many women who stood in the aisle and waved as hulk hogan and randy savage came to the ring .		did she appear in following episodes ?		on the february 5 episode of nitro she turned on savage during his match with chris benoit and rejoined flair ,		did she wrestle or just wave ?		i do n't know .		what was her wrestling name ?		wrestling appearance as woman		did she tag - team ?		i do n't know .		who was she wrestling ?		who was nancy benoit wrestling ?
nancy benoit		world championship wrestling ( 1996 - 1997 )		what happened in 1996 ?		after being dumped by sandman and scorpio in ecw , she once again resurfaced in wcw , first appearing on the january 22 , 1996 episode		what happened in the episode ?		one of many women who stood in the aisle and waved as hulk hogan and randy savage came to the ring .		did she appear in following episodes ?		on the february 5 episode of nitro she turned on savage during his match with chris benoit and rejoined flair ,		did she wrestle or just wave ?		i do n't know .		what was her wrestling name ?		wrestling appearance as woman		did she tag - team ?		i do n't know .		who was she wrestling ?		woman clashing with sullivan 's then - valet jacquelyn		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to appearing on wcw , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
shraddha kapoor		early life and background		where did she grow up ?		where did shraddha kapoor grow up ?
shraddha kapoor		early life and background		where did she grow up ?		kapoor was born and raised in mumbai		did she go to school there ?		did shraddha kapoor go to school in mumbai ?
shraddha kapoor		early life and background		where did she grow up ?		kapoor was born and raised in mumbai		did she go to school there ?		kapoor did her schooling at jamnabai narsee school and at the age of 15 , she shifted to the american school of bombay ,		what did she study there ?		what did kapoor study there ?
shraddha kapoor		early life and background		where did she grow up ?		kapoor was born and raised in mumbai		did she go to school there ?		kapoor did her schooling at jamnabai narsee school and at the age of 15 , she shifted to the american school of bombay ,		what did she study there ?		i do n't know .		what else did she do during her childhood ?		besides schooling at jamnabai narsee school , what else did kapoor do during her childhood ?
shraddha kapoor		early life and background		where did she grow up ?		kapoor was born and raised in mumbai		did she go to school there ?		kapoor did her schooling at jamnabai narsee school and at the age of 15 , she shifted to the american school of bombay ,		what did she study there ?		i do n't know .		what else did she do during her childhood ?		she has said that she went through a tomboyish phase as a child and described herself as having a strong attitude ,		did she have siblings ?		did kapoor have siblings ?
shraddha kapoor		early life and background		where did she grow up ?		kapoor was born and raised in mumbai		did she go to school there ?		kapoor did her schooling at jamnabai narsee school and at the age of 15 , she shifted to the american school of bombay ,		what did she study there ?		i do n't know .		what else did she do during her childhood ?		she has said that she went through a tomboyish phase as a child and described herself as having a strong attitude ,		did she have siblings ?		elder brother siddhanth kapoor ,		what did her parents do ?		what did kapoor parents do ?
shraddha kapoor		early life and background		where did she grow up ?		kapoor was born and raised in mumbai		did she go to school there ?		kapoor did her schooling at jamnabai narsee school and at the age of 15 , she shifted to the american school of bombay ,		what did she study there ?		i do n't know .		what else did she do during her childhood ?		she has said that she went through a tomboyish phase as a child and described herself as having a strong attitude ,		did she have siblings ?		elder brother siddhanth kapoor ,		what did her parents do ?		hailing from a family of actors ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to kapoor childhood and schooling , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
shraddha kapoor		early life and background		where did she grow up ?		kapoor was born and raised in mumbai		did she go to school there ?		kapoor did her schooling at jamnabai narsee school and at the age of 15 , she shifted to the american school of bombay ,		what did she study there ?		i do n't know .		what else did she do during her childhood ?		she has said that she went through a tomboyish phase as a child and described herself as having a strong attitude ,		did she have siblings ?		elder brother siddhanth kapoor ,		what did her parents do ?		hailing from a family of actors ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		kapoor then enrolled in boston university to major in psychology , but subsequently left in her freshman year		why did she leave ?		why did kapoor leave ?
shraddha kapoor		early life and background		where did she grow up ?		kapoor was born and raised in mumbai		did she go to school there ?		kapoor did her schooling at jamnabai narsee school and at the age of 15 , she shifted to the american school of bombay ,		what did she study there ?		i do n't know .		what else did she do during her childhood ?		she has said that she went through a tomboyish phase as a child and described herself as having a strong attitude ,		did she have siblings ?		elder brother siddhanth kapoor ,		what did her parents do ?		hailing from a family of actors ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		kapoor then enrolled in boston university to major in psychology , but subsequently left in her freshman year		why did she leave ?		to appear in her debut film after she was seen on facebook by producer ambika hinduja , who cast her for a role in teen patti .		did she do well in it ?		did kapoor do well in teen patti ?
x japan		1993 - 97 : x japan		what happened in 1993 ?		what happened in 1993 ?
x japan		1993 - 97 : x japan		what happened in 1993 ?		art of life was released on august 25 , 1993 ,		how did the album sound ?		how did art of life sound ?
x japan		1993 - 97 : x japan		what happened in 1993 ?		art of life was released on august 25 , 1993 ,		how did the album sound ?		consists solely of the 29-minute , heavily orchestrated title track .		was the album successful ?		was art of life successful ?
x japan		1993 - 97 : x japan		what happened in 1993 ?		art of life was released on august 25 , 1993 ,		how did the album sound ?		consists solely of the 29-minute , heavily orchestrated title track .		was the album successful ?		it debuted at number one , however the band only performed two concerts that year ,		why did they only perform 2 concerts ?		why did art of life only perform 2 concerts ?
x japan		1993 - 97 : x japan		what happened in 1993 ?		art of life was released on august 25 , 1993 ,		how did the album sound ?		consists solely of the 29-minute , heavily orchestrated title track .		was the album successful ?		it debuted at number one , however the band only performed two concerts that year ,		why did they only perform 2 concerts ?		each member began solo careers .		what happened with the solo careers ?		what happened with the solo careers ?
x japan		1993 - 97 : x japan		what happened in 1993 ?		art of life was released on august 25 , 1993 ,		how did the album sound ?		consists solely of the 29-minute , heavily orchestrated title track .		was the album successful ?		it debuted at number one , however the band only performed two concerts that year ,		why did they only perform 2 concerts ?		each member began solo careers .		what happened with the solo careers ?		on september 22 , 1997 , at 1 pm , yoshiki , hide , pata and heath held a press conference where they announced that x japan would disband .		what happened after the announcement ?		what happened after the announcement ?
x japan		1993 - 97 : x japan		what happened in 1993 ?		art of life was released on august 25 , 1993 ,		how did the album sound ?		consists solely of the 29-minute , heavily orchestrated title track .		was the album successful ?		it debuted at number one , however the band only performed two concerts that year ,		why did they only perform 2 concerts ?		each member began solo careers .		what happened with the solo careers ?		on september 22 , 1997 , at 1 pm , yoshiki , hide , pata and heath held a press conference where they announced that x japan would disband .		what happened after the announcement ?		vocalist toshi decided to leave the band as the glamorous , success - oriented life of a rock star failed to satisfy him emotionally ,		what did he say about his decision ?		what did toshi say about his decision ?
x japan		1993 - 97 : x japan		what happened in 1993 ?		art of life was released on august 25 , 1993 ,		how did the album sound ?		consists solely of the 29-minute , heavily orchestrated title track .		was the album successful ?		it debuted at number one , however the band only performed two concerts that year ,		why did they only perform 2 concerts ?		each member began solo careers .		what happened with the solo careers ?		on september 22 , 1997 , at 1 pm , yoshiki , hide , pata and heath held a press conference where they announced that x japan would disband .		what happened after the announcement ?		vocalist toshi decided to leave the band as the glamorous , success - oriented life of a rock star failed to satisfy him emotionally ,		what did he say about his decision ?		he stated that he had made the decision back in april 1996 , though it was not publicly disclosed .		did he say anything else about being in the group ?		besides stating success - oriented life of a rock star failed to satisfy him emotionally , did yoshiki say anything else about being in x japan ?
x japan		1993 - 97 : x japan		what happened in 1993 ?		art of life was released on august 25 , 1993 ,		how did the album sound ?		consists solely of the 29-minute , heavily orchestrated title track .		was the album successful ?		it debuted at number one , however the band only performed two concerts that year ,		why did they only perform 2 concerts ?		each member began solo careers .		what happened with the solo careers ?		on september 22 , 1997 , at 1 pm , yoshiki , hide , pata and heath held a press conference where they announced that x japan would disband .		what happened after the announcement ?		vocalist toshi decided to leave the band as the glamorous , success - oriented life of a rock star failed to satisfy him emotionally ,		what did he say about his decision ?		he stated that he had made the decision back in april 1996 , though it was not publicly disclosed .		did he say anything else about being in the group ?		he confirmed what was long - reported in the media ; that he was " brainwashed " via violence and abuse and conned out of money ,		did they have other performances ?		besides only performing two concerts in 1993 , did x japan have other performances ?
rebel wilson		early career ( 2002 - 10 )		what did she do first early in her career ?		what did wilson do first early in her career ?
rebel wilson		early career ( 2002 - 10 )		what did she do first early in her career ?		wilson studied at the australian theatre for young people ( atyp ) .		after she studied at atyp what did she do ?		after wilson studied at atyp what did she do ?
rebel wilson		early career ( 2002 - 10 )		what did she do first early in her career ?		wilson studied at the australian theatre for young people ( atyp ) .		after she studied at atyp what did she do ?		in 2003 she moved to new york after winning the atyp international scholarship , which was funded by nicole kidman .		what did she do in new york ?		what did wilson do in new york ?
rebel wilson		early career ( 2002 - 10 )		what did she do first early in her career ?		wilson studied at the australian theatre for young people ( atyp ) .		after she studied at atyp what did she do ?		in 2003 she moved to new york after winning the atyp international scholarship , which was funded by nicole kidman .		what did she do in new york ?		while she was in new york , wilson trained with the second city .		when did she first start performing ?		when did wilson first start performing ?
rebel wilson		early career ( 2002 - 10 )		what did she do first early in her career ?		wilson studied at the australian theatre for young people ( atyp ) .		after she studied at atyp what did she do ?		in 2003 she moved to new york after winning the atyp international scholarship , which was funded by nicole kidman .		what did she do in new york ?		while she was in new york , wilson trained with the second city .		when did she first start performing ?		she first came to the public 's attention in 2002 with her stage musical the westie monologues ,		what did she do after the westie monologues ?		what did wison do after the westie monologues ?
rebel wilson		early career ( 2002 - 10 )		what did she do first early in her career ?		wilson studied at the australian theatre for young people ( atyp ) .		after she studied at atyp what did she do ?		in 2003 she moved to new york after winning the atyp international scholarship , which was funded by nicole kidman .		what did she do in new york ?		while she was in new york , wilson trained with the second city .		when did she first start performing ?		she first came to the public 's attention in 2002 with her stage musical the westie monologues ,		what did she do after the westie monologues ?		her follow - up stage productions , which she wrote , produced and starred in include spunks and confessions of an exchange student .		did she star in any movies or tv shows during this period ?		did wilson star in any movies or tv shows during her productions and performance ?
rebel wilson		early career ( 2002 - 10 )		what did she do first early in her career ?		wilson studied at the australian theatre for young people ( atyp ) .		after she studied at atyp what did she do ?		in 2003 she moved to new york after winning the atyp international scholarship , which was funded by nicole kidman .		what did she do in new york ?		while she was in new york , wilson trained with the second city .		when did she first start performing ?		she first came to the public 's attention in 2002 with her stage musical the westie monologues ,		what did she do after the westie monologues ?		her follow - up stage productions , which she wrote , produced and starred in include spunks and confessions of an exchange student .		did she star in any movies or tv shows during this period ?		in australia , wilson is most known for her roles as toula on the sbs comedy series pizza		any other tv shows ?		together with toula , was there any other tv shows casting wilson ?
rebel wilson		early career ( 2002 - 10 )		what did she do first early in her career ?		wilson studied at the australian theatre for young people ( atyp ) .		after she studied at atyp what did she do ?		in 2003 she moved to new york after winning the atyp international scholarship , which was funded by nicole kidman .		what did she do in new york ?		while she was in new york , wilson trained with the second city .		when did she first start performing ?		she first came to the public 's attention in 2002 with her stage musical the westie monologues ,		what did she do after the westie monologues ?		her follow - up stage productions , which she wrote , produced and starred in include spunks and confessions of an exchange student .		did she star in any movies or tv shows during this period ?		in australia , wilson is most known for her roles as toula on the sbs comedy series pizza		any other tv shows ?		various characters including lucy , fat mandi and karla bangs on the sketch comedy series the wedge .		did she star in any films during this time ?		did wilson star in any films during her sketch comedy series casting ?
rebel wilson		early career ( 2002 - 10 )		what did she do first early in her career ?		wilson studied at the australian theatre for young people ( atyp ) .		after she studied at atyp what did she do ?		in 2003 she moved to new york after winning the atyp international scholarship , which was funded by nicole kidman .		what did she do in new york ?		while she was in new york , wilson trained with the second city .		when did she first start performing ?		she first came to the public 's attention in 2002 with her stage musical the westie monologues ,		what did she do after the westie monologues ?		her follow - up stage productions , which she wrote , produced and starred in include spunks and confessions of an exchange student .		did she star in any movies or tv shows during this period ?		in australia , wilson is most known for her roles as toula on the sbs comedy series pizza		any other tv shows ?		various characters including lucy , fat mandi and karla bangs on the sketch comedy series the wedge .		did she star in any films during this time ?		she also had roles in the feature films fat pizza and ghost rider .		did she win any awards during this time ?		did wilson win any awards during her starring in feature films ?
rebel wilson		early career ( 2002 - 10 )		what did she do first early in her career ?		wilson studied at the australian theatre for young people ( atyp ) .		after she studied at atyp what did she do ?		in 2003 she moved to new york after winning the atyp international scholarship , which was funded by nicole kidman .		what did she do in new york ?		while she was in new york , wilson trained with the second city .		when did she first start performing ?		she first came to the public 's attention in 2002 with her stage musical the westie monologues ,		what did she do after the westie monologues ?		her follow - up stage productions , which she wrote , produced and starred in include spunks and confessions of an exchange student .		did she star in any movies or tv shows during this period ?		in australia , wilson is most known for her roles as toula on the sbs comedy series pizza		any other tv shows ?		various characters including lucy , fat mandi and karla bangs on the sketch comedy series the wedge .		did she star in any films during this time ?		she also had roles in the feature films fat pizza and ghost rider .		did she win any awards during this time ?		in 2009 wilson won the tropfest best actress award for her role in the film bargain .		did you find anything else interesting in the article ?		besides wilson 's achievements , did you find anything else interesting in the article ?
rebel wilson		early career ( 2002 - 10 )		what did she do first early in her career ?		wilson studied at the australian theatre for young people ( atyp ) .		after she studied at atyp what did she do ?		in 2003 she moved to new york after winning the atyp international scholarship , which was funded by nicole kidman .		what did she do in new york ?		while she was in new york , wilson trained with the second city .		when did she first start performing ?		she first came to the public 's attention in 2002 with her stage musical the westie monologues ,		what did she do after the westie monologues ?		her follow - up stage productions , which she wrote , produced and starred in include spunks and confessions of an exchange student .		did she star in any movies or tv shows during this period ?		in australia , wilson is most known for her roles as toula on the sbs comedy series pizza		any other tv shows ?		various characters including lucy , fat mandi and karla bangs on the sketch comedy series the wedge .		did she star in any films during this time ?		she also had roles in the feature films fat pizza and ghost rider .		did she win any awards during this time ?		in 2009 wilson won the tropfest best actress award for her role in the film bargain .		did you find anything else interesting in the article ?		she has made appearances on the improvisational comedy show thank god you 're here and the comedy game show talkin ' ' bout your generation .		has she appeared in other things you did n't mention ?		aside from all aforementioned works , has wilson appeared in other things you did n't mention ?
ion heliade rdulescu		final years		what happened in the final years ?		what happened in the ion heliade rdulescu 's final years ?
ion heliade rdulescu		final years		what happened in the final years ?		until his death , he published influential volumes on a variety of issues ,		what type of issues ?		what type of issues did rdulescu publish on ?
ion heliade rdulescu		final years		what happened in the final years ?		until his death , he published influential volumes on a variety of issues ,		what type of issues ?		i do n't know .		when did he die ?		when did rdulescu die ?
ion heliade rdulescu		final years		what happened in the final years ?		until his death , he published influential volumes on a variety of issues ,		what type of issues ?		i do n't know .		when did he die ?		i do n't know .		what else did you find interesting ?		besides rdulescu 's publishing , what else did you find interesting ?
ion heliade rdulescu		final years		what happened in the final years ?		until his death , he published influential volumes on a variety of issues ,		what type of issues ?		i do n't know .		when did he die ?		i do n't know .		what else did you find interesting ?		one year after the creation of the romanian academy ( under the name of " academic society " ) , he was elected its first president		around what years did this occur ?		around what years did rdulescu become romanian academy president ?
ion heliade rdulescu		final years		what happened in the final years ?		until his death , he published influential volumes on a variety of issues ,		what type of issues ?		i do n't know .		when did he die ?		i do n't know .		what else did you find interesting ?		one year after the creation of the romanian academy ( under the name of " academic society " ) , he was elected its first president		around what years did this occur ?		1867		did he publish independently or through a company ?		did rdulescu publish independently or through a company ?
ion heliade rdulescu		final years		what happened in the final years ?		until his death , he published influential volumes on a variety of issues ,		what type of issues ?		i do n't know .		when did he die ?		i do n't know .		what else did you find interesting ?		one year after the creation of the romanian academy ( under the name of " academic society " ) , he was elected its first president		around what years did this occur ?		1867		did he publish independently or through a company ?		i do n't know .		was his work well received in his later years ?		was rdulescu 's work well received in his later years ?
billy hughes		nationalist party prime minister 1916 - 23		how was he as prime minister ?		how was billy hughes as a prime minister ?
billy hughes		nationalist party prime minister 1916 - 23		how was he as prime minister ?		allowed the nationalists to convey an image of national unity . at the same time , he became and remains a traitor in labor histories .		what did he do to be a traitor ?		what did nationalist party prime minister billy hughes do to be a traitor ?
billy hughes		nationalist party prime minister 1916 - 23		how was he as prime minister ?		allowed the nationalists to convey an image of national unity . at the same time , he became and remains a traitor in labor histories .		what did he do to be a traitor ?		i do n't know .		what were some things he did as prime minister ?		what were some things billy hughes did as prime minister ?
billy hughes		nationalist party prime minister 1916 - 23		how was he as prime minister ?		allowed the nationalists to convey an image of national unity . at the same time , he became and remains a traitor in labor histories .		what did he do to be a traitor ?		i do n't know .		what were some things he did as prime minister ?		at this election hughes gave up his working - class sydney seat		what 's some interesting thing as nationalist party prime minister ?		what 's some interesting thingsthat happened when billy hughes was the nationalist party prime minister ?
billy hughes		nationalist party prime minister 1916 - 23		how was he as prime minister ?		allowed the nationalists to convey an image of national unity . at the same time , he became and remains a traitor in labor histories .		what did he do to be a traitor ?		i do n't know .		what were some things he did as prime minister ?		at this election hughes gave up his working - class sydney seat		what 's some interesting thing as nationalist party prime minister ?		the governor - general , sir ronald munro ferguson , persuaded hughes and liberal party leader joseph cook ( himself a former labor man ) to turn their wartime coalition into a formal party .		how did he persuade him to do that ?		how did sir ronald munro ferguson persuade billy hughes to turn their wartime coalition into a formal party ?
real love ( beatles song )		early origins		who originally wrote real love ?		who originally wrote beatles song real love ?
real love ( beatles song )		early origins		who originally wrote real love ?		real love " originated as part of an unfinished stage play that lennon was working on at the time , titled the ballad of john and yoko .		where was the song real love written ?		where was the beatles song real love written ?
real love ( beatles song )		early origins		who originally wrote real love ?		real love " originated as part of an unfinished stage play that lennon was working on at the time , titled the ballad of john and yoko .		where was the song real love written ?		the song was first recorded in 1977 with a handheld tape recorder on his piano at home .		how did the rest of the beatles originally respond to the " real love " song ?		how did the rest of the beatles originally respond to the lennon 's song real love ?
real love ( beatles song )		early origins		who originally wrote real love ?		real love " originated as part of an unfinished stage play that lennon was working on at the time , titled the ballad of john and yoko .		where was the song real love written ?		the song was first recorded in 1977 with a handheld tape recorder on his piano at home .		how did the rest of the beatles originally respond to the " real love " song ?		i do n't know .		did anyone else play on the early version of the song besides lennon ?		did anyone else play on the early version of the real love besides lennon ?
real love ( beatles song )		early origins		who originally wrote real love ?		real love " originated as part of an unfinished stage play that lennon was working on at the time , titled the ballad of john and yoko .		where was the song real love written ?		the song was first recorded in 1977 with a handheld tape recorder on his piano at home .		how did the rest of the beatles originally respond to the " real love " song ?		i do n't know .		did anyone else play on the early version of the song besides lennon ?		i do n't know .		were the beatles broken up when real love was written by john lennon ?		were the beatles broken up when real love was written by john lennon ?
karisma kapoor		sabbatical and later work ( 2003 - 13 )		what happened in 2003 ?		what happened to karisma kapoor in 2003 ?
karisma kapoor		sabbatical and later work ( 2003 - 13 )		what happened in 2003 ?		in 2003 , she starred in baaz : a bird in danger , which was her only release that year .		did she work in 2004 ?		did karisma kapoor work in 2004 ?
karisma kapoor		sabbatical and later work ( 2003 - 13 )		what happened in 2003 ?		in 2003 , she starred in baaz : a bird in danger , which was her only release that year .		did she work in 2004 ?		the serial ended after 260 episodes in 2004 and she took a sabbatical from full - time acting for several years .		what did she do next ?		what did karisma kapoor do next ?
karisma kapoor		sabbatical and later work ( 2003 - 13 )		what happened in 2003 ?		in 2003 , she starred in baaz : a bird in danger , which was her only release that year .		did she work in 2004 ?		the serial ended after 260 episodes in 2004 and she took a sabbatical from full - time acting for several years .		what did she do next ?		in 2006 , kapoor was seen in mere jeevan saathi ; the film had been shot and completed in 2003 , but was delayed for three years .		what work followed that ?		what work of karisma kapoor followed 2006 ?
karisma kapoor		sabbatical and later work ( 2003 - 13 )		what happened in 2003 ?		in 2003 , she starred in baaz : a bird in danger , which was her only release that year .		did she work in 2004 ?		the serial ended after 260 episodes in 2004 and she took a sabbatical from full - time acting for several years .		what did she do next ?		in 2006 , kapoor was seen in mere jeevan saathi ; the film had been shot and completed in 2003 , but was delayed for three years .		what work followed that ?		in 2007 , kapoor won the koffee award for best supporting appearance .		did she win any other awards ?		did karisma kapoor win any other awards , besides the koffee award ?
karisma kapoor		sabbatical and later work ( 2003 - 13 )		what happened in 2003 ?		in 2003 , she starred in baaz : a bird in danger , which was her only release that year .		did she work in 2004 ?		the serial ended after 260 episodes in 2004 and she took a sabbatical from full - time acting for several years .		what did she do next ?		in 2006 , kapoor was seen in mere jeevan saathi ; the film had been shot and completed in 2003 , but was delayed for three years .		what work followed that ?		in 2007 , kapoor won the koffee award for best supporting appearance .		did she win any other awards ?		i do n't know .		what other films or recognition since then ?		besides the koffee award , what other films or recognition has karisma kapoor recieved , since then ?
karisma kapoor		sabbatical and later work ( 2003 - 13 )		what happened in 2003 ?		in 2003 , she starred in baaz : a bird in danger , which was her only release that year .		did she work in 2004 ?		the serial ended after 260 episodes in 2004 and she took a sabbatical from full - time acting for several years .		what did she do next ?		in 2006 , kapoor was seen in mere jeevan saathi ; the film had been shot and completed in 2003 , but was delayed for three years .		what work followed that ?		in 2007 , kapoor won the koffee award for best supporting appearance .		did she win any other awards ?		i do n't know .		what other films or recognition since then ?		kapoor made her comeback as an actress with a leading role in vikram bhatt 's supernatural thriller dangerous ishhq . co - starring rajneesh duggal ,		what work did she do later ?		what work did karisma kapoor do later than 2007 ?
karisma kapoor		sabbatical and later work ( 2003 - 13 )		what happened in 2003 ?		in 2003 , she starred in baaz : a bird in danger , which was her only release that year .		did she work in 2004 ?		the serial ended after 260 episodes in 2004 and she took a sabbatical from full - time acting for several years .		what did she do next ?		in 2006 , kapoor was seen in mere jeevan saathi ; the film had been shot and completed in 2003 , but was delayed for three years .		what work followed that ?		in 2007 , kapoor won the koffee award for best supporting appearance .		did she win any other awards ?		i do n't know .		what other films or recognition since then ?		kapoor made her comeback as an actress with a leading role in vikram bhatt 's supernatural thriller dangerous ishhq . co - starring rajneesh duggal ,		what work did she do later ?		in 2013 , kapoor made a special appearance along with several other actors in the titular song of the anthology film bombay talkies ,		what is interesting about her career ?		what is interesting about karisma kappor 's career ?
karisma kapoor		sabbatical and later work ( 2003 - 13 )		what happened in 2003 ?		in 2003 , she starred in baaz : a bird in danger , which was her only release that year .		did she work in 2004 ?		the serial ended after 260 episodes in 2004 and she took a sabbatical from full - time acting for several years .		what did she do next ?		in 2006 , kapoor was seen in mere jeevan saathi ; the film had been shot and completed in 2003 , but was delayed for three years .		what work followed that ?		in 2007 , kapoor won the koffee award for best supporting appearance .		did she win any other awards ?		i do n't know .		what other films or recognition since then ?		kapoor made her comeback as an actress with a leading role in vikram bhatt 's supernatural thriller dangerous ishhq . co - starring rajneesh duggal ,		what work did she do later ?		in 2013 , kapoor made a special appearance along with several other actors in the titular song of the anthology film bombay talkies ,		what is interesting about her career ?		taran adarsh of bollywood hungama commented : " karisma kapoor puts forth her best efforts , getting to deliver lines in varied dialects .		anything notable about life ?		anything notable about karisma kspoor 's life ?
karisma kapoor		sabbatical and later work ( 2003 - 13 )		what happened in 2003 ?		in 2003 , she starred in baaz : a bird in danger , which was her only release that year .		did she work in 2004 ?		the serial ended after 260 episodes in 2004 and she took a sabbatical from full - time acting for several years .		what did she do next ?		in 2006 , kapoor was seen in mere jeevan saathi ; the film had been shot and completed in 2003 , but was delayed for three years .		what work followed that ?		in 2007 , kapoor won the koffee award for best supporting appearance .		did she win any other awards ?		i do n't know .		what other films or recognition since then ?		kapoor made her comeback as an actress with a leading role in vikram bhatt 's supernatural thriller dangerous ishhq . co - starring rajneesh duggal ,		what work did she do later ?		in 2013 , kapoor made a special appearance along with several other actors in the titular song of the anthology film bombay talkies ,		what is interesting about her career ?		taran adarsh of bollywood hungama commented : " karisma kapoor puts forth her best efforts , getting to deliver lines in varied dialects .		anything notable about life ?		the miracles of destiny , in which she played a dual role of a grandmother and granddaughter .		what do you find interesting about the article ?		what do you find interesting about the karisma kapoor article ?
maasai people		influences from the outside world		what kind of influences from the outside world is the article pertaining to ?		what kind of influences from the outside world is the article about the maasai people pertaining to ?
maasai people		influences from the outside world		what kind of influences from the outside world is the article pertaining to ?		maintaining a traditional pastoral lifestyle has become increasingly difficult due to outside influences of the modern world .		has this been a positive thing for them or negative ?		has maintaining a traditional pastoral lifestyle been a positive thing for the maasai or negative ?
maasai people		influences from the outside world		what kind of influences from the outside world is the article pertaining to ?		maintaining a traditional pastoral lifestyle has become increasingly difficult due to outside influences of the modern world .		has this been a positive thing for them or negative ?		influence ecologists and policy makers about the harm maasai pastoralists were causing		what problems are they having ?		what problems are the maasai people having ?
maasai people		influences from the outside world		what kind of influences from the outside world is the article pertaining to ?		maintaining a traditional pastoral lifestyle has become increasingly difficult due to outside influences of the modern world .		has this been a positive thing for them or negative ?		influence ecologists and policy makers about the harm maasai pastoralists were causing		what problems are they having ?		policy makers in 1951 to remove all maasai from the serengeti national park and relegate them to areas in and around the ngorongoro conservation area		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides that policy makers in 1951 removed all maasai from the serengeti national park , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
maasai people		influences from the outside world		what kind of influences from the outside world is the article pertaining to ?		maintaining a traditional pastoral lifestyle has become increasingly difficult due to outside influences of the modern world .		has this been a positive thing for them or negative ?		influence ecologists and policy makers about the harm maasai pastoralists were causing		what problems are they having ?		policy makers in 1951 to remove all maasai from the serengeti national park and relegate them to areas in and around the ngorongoro conservation area		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		increase in maasai population , loss of cattle populations to disease , and lack of available rangelands because of new park boundaries and the incursion of settlements and farms		what kind of lifestyle do they have ?		what kind of lifestyle do the maasai people have ?
maasai people		influences from the outside world		what kind of influences from the outside world is the article pertaining to ?		maintaining a traditional pastoral lifestyle has become increasingly difficult due to outside influences of the modern world .		has this been a positive thing for them or negative ?		influence ecologists and policy makers about the harm maasai pastoralists were causing		what problems are they having ?		policy makers in 1951 to remove all maasai from the serengeti national park and relegate them to areas in and around the ngorongoro conservation area		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		increase in maasai population , loss of cattle populations to disease , and lack of available rangelands because of new park boundaries and the incursion of settlements and farms		what kind of lifestyle do they have ?		maintaining a traditional pastoral lifestyle has become increasingly difficult due to outside influences of the modern world .		what have they done to prevent bad influences from the outside world ?		what have the maasai people done to prevent bad influences from the outside world ?
maasai people		influences from the outside world		what kind of influences from the outside world is the article pertaining to ?		maintaining a traditional pastoral lifestyle has become increasingly difficult due to outside influences of the modern world .		has this been a positive thing for them or negative ?		influence ecologists and policy makers about the harm maasai pastoralists were causing		what problems are they having ?		policy makers in 1951 to remove all maasai from the serengeti national park and relegate them to areas in and around the ngorongoro conservation area		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		increase in maasai population , loss of cattle populations to disease , and lack of available rangelands because of new park boundaries and the incursion of settlements and farms		what kind of lifestyle do they have ?		maintaining a traditional pastoral lifestyle has become increasingly difficult due to outside influences of the modern world .		what have they done to prevent bad influences from the outside world ?		policy makers in 1951 to remove all maasai from the serengeti national park and relegate them to areas in and around the ngorongoro conservation area		why would they do that ?		why would the maasai prevent bad influences from the outside world ?
maasai people		influences from the outside world		what kind of influences from the outside world is the article pertaining to ?		maintaining a traditional pastoral lifestyle has become increasingly difficult due to outside influences of the modern world .		has this been a positive thing for them or negative ?		influence ecologists and policy makers about the harm maasai pastoralists were causing		what problems are they having ?		policy makers in 1951 to remove all maasai from the serengeti national park and relegate them to areas in and around the ngorongoro conservation area		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		increase in maasai population , loss of cattle populations to disease , and lack of available rangelands because of new park boundaries and the incursion of settlements and farms		what kind of lifestyle do they have ?		maintaining a traditional pastoral lifestyle has become increasingly difficult due to outside influences of the modern world .		what have they done to prevent bad influences from the outside world ?		policy makers in 1951 to remove all maasai from the serengeti national park and relegate them to areas in and around the ngorongoro conservation area		why would they do that ?		the plan for the nca was to put maasai interests above all else , but this promise was never met .		are they causing problems that would make the policy makers treat them so badly ?		are the maasai causing problems that would make the policy makers treat them so badly ?
maasai people		influences from the outside world		what kind of influences from the outside world is the article pertaining to ?		maintaining a traditional pastoral lifestyle has become increasingly difficult due to outside influences of the modern world .		has this been a positive thing for them or negative ?		influence ecologists and policy makers about the harm maasai pastoralists were causing		what problems are they having ?		policy makers in 1951 to remove all maasai from the serengeti national park and relegate them to areas in and around the ngorongoro conservation area		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		increase in maasai population , loss of cattle populations to disease , and lack of available rangelands because of new park boundaries and the incursion of settlements and farms		what kind of lifestyle do they have ?		maintaining a traditional pastoral lifestyle has become increasingly difficult due to outside influences of the modern world .		what have they done to prevent bad influences from the outside world ?		policy makers in 1951 to remove all maasai from the serengeti national park and relegate them to areas in and around the ngorongoro conservation area		why would they do that ?		the plan for the nca was to put maasai interests above all else , but this promise was never met .		are they causing problems that would make the policy makers treat them so badly ?		over the years , many projects have begun to help maasai tribal leaders find ways to preserve their traditions		is anyone doing anything to try to help them ?		aside from the maasai tribal leaders , is anyone doing anything to try to help the maasai ?
maasai people		influences from the outside world		what kind of influences from the outside world is the article pertaining to ?		maintaining a traditional pastoral lifestyle has become increasingly difficult due to outside influences of the modern world .		has this been a positive thing for them or negative ?		influence ecologists and policy makers about the harm maasai pastoralists were causing		what problems are they having ?		policy makers in 1951 to remove all maasai from the serengeti national park and relegate them to areas in and around the ngorongoro conservation area		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		increase in maasai population , loss of cattle populations to disease , and lack of available rangelands because of new park boundaries and the incursion of settlements and farms		what kind of lifestyle do they have ?		maintaining a traditional pastoral lifestyle has become increasingly difficult due to outside influences of the modern world .		what have they done to prevent bad influences from the outside world ?		policy makers in 1951 to remove all maasai from the serengeti national park and relegate them to areas in and around the ngorongoro conservation area		why would they do that ?		the plan for the nca was to put maasai interests above all else , but this promise was never met .		are they causing problems that would make the policy makers treat them so badly ?		over the years , many projects have begun to help maasai tribal leaders find ways to preserve their traditions		is anyone doing anything to try to help them ?		the plan for the nca was to put maasai interests above all else , but this promise was never met .		what other problems have the encountered ?		what other problems have the maasai encountered , in addition to being moved from the serengeti national park and relegated to areas in and around the ngorongoro conservation area ?
meat loaf		the rocky horror picture show		what is rocky horror picture show		what was meat loaf doing in rocky horror picture show ?
meat loaf		the rocky horror picture show		what is rocky horror picture show		meat loaf was cast in the rocky horror show , playing the parts of eddie and dr. everett scott . the success of the musical		when did he star in the musical		when did meat loaf star in the musical ?
meat loaf		the rocky horror picture show		what is rocky horror picture show		meat loaf was cast in the rocky horror show , playing the parts of eddie and dr. everett scott . the success of the musical		when did he star in the musical		during the winter of 1973 , after returning from a short production of rainbow in new york in washington , d.c. , meat loaf was cast in the rocky horror show ,		why did he play two parts		why did meat loaf play two parts in the rocky horror show ?
meat loaf		the rocky horror picture show		what is rocky horror picture show		meat loaf was cast in the rocky horror show , playing the parts of eddie and dr. everett scott . the success of the musical		when did he star in the musical		during the winter of 1973 , after returning from a short production of rainbow in new york in washington , d.c. , meat loaf was cast in the rocky horror show ,		why did he play two parts		i do n't know .		what did the crowd think of his part in the play		what did the crowd think of meat loaf 's part in the rocky horror show ?
meat loaf		the rocky horror picture show		what is rocky horror picture show		meat loaf was cast in the rocky horror show , playing the parts of eddie and dr. everett scott . the success of the musical		when did he star in the musical		during the winter of 1973 , after returning from a short production of rainbow in new york in washington , d.c. , meat loaf was cast in the rocky horror show ,		why did he play two parts		i do n't know .		what did the crowd think of his part in the play		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about meat loaf besides the rocky horror show ?
meat loaf		the rocky horror picture show		what is rocky horror picture show		meat loaf was cast in the rocky horror show , playing the parts of eddie and dr. everett scott . the success of the musical		when did he star in the musical		during the winter of 1973 , after returning from a short production of rainbow in new york in washington , d.c. , meat loaf was cast in the rocky horror show ,		why did he play two parts		i do n't know .		what did the crowd think of his part in the play		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1976 , meat loaf recorded lead vocals for ted nugent 's album free - for - all when regular nugent lead vocalist derek st. holmes temporarily quit the band .		did he join the band		did meat loaf join ted nugent 's band besides recording lead vocals ?
meat loaf		the rocky horror picture show		what is rocky horror picture show		meat loaf was cast in the rocky horror show , playing the parts of eddie and dr. everett scott . the success of the musical		when did he star in the musical		during the winter of 1973 , after returning from a short production of rainbow in new york in washington , d.c. , meat loaf was cast in the rocky horror show ,		why did he play two parts		i do n't know .		what did the crowd think of his part in the play		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1976 , meat loaf recorded lead vocals for ted nugent 's album free - for - all when regular nugent lead vocalist derek st. holmes temporarily quit the band .		did he join the band		in 1976 , meat loaf recorded lead vocals for ted nugent 's album free - for - all when regular nugent lead vocalist derek st. holmes temporarily quit the band .		what else did he do after 1976		what else did meat loaf do after 1976 aside from ted nugent ?
sheryl crow		1987 - 1992 : early years		what happened in the early years ?		what happened in sheryl crow 's early years from 1987 - 1992 ?
sheryl crow		1987 - 1992 : early years		what happened in the early years ?		after graduating from the university of missouri , crow worked as a music teacher at the kellison elementary school in fenton , missouri .		did she have any producers in her younger years or was she alone ?		did sheryl crow have any producers in her younger years ( 1987 - 1992 ) or was she alone ?
sheryl crow		1987 - 1992 : early years		what happened in the early years ?		after graduating from the university of missouri , crow worked as a music teacher at the kellison elementary school in fenton , missouri .		did she have any producers in her younger years or was she alone ?		she was later introduced to local musician and record producer jay oliver .		did she sing in any shows in her early years ?		did sheryl crow sing in any shows in her early years ( 1987 - 1992 ) ?
sheryl crow		1987 - 1992 : early years		what happened in the early years ?		after graduating from the university of missouri , crow worked as a music teacher at the kellison elementary school in fenton , missouri .		did she have any producers in her younger years or was she alone ?		she was later introduced to local musician and record producer jay oliver .		did she sing in any shows in her early years ?		crow toured with michael jackson as a backing vocalist during his bad world tour 1987 - 89 and often performed with jackson		did she win any awards in her early years ?		did sheryl crow win any awards in her early years ( 1987 - 1992 ) ?
sheryl crow		1987 - 1992 : early years		what happened in the early years ?		after graduating from the university of missouri , crow worked as a music teacher at the kellison elementary school in fenton , missouri .		did she have any producers in her younger years or was she alone ?		she was later introduced to local musician and record producer jay oliver .		did she sing in any shows in her early years ?		crow toured with michael jackson as a backing vocalist during his bad world tour 1987 - 89 and often performed with jackson		did she win any awards in her early years ?		i do n't know .		what were some of her other songs in the early years ?		aside from performing with michael jackson , what were some of sheryl crow 's songs in the early years ( 1987 - 1992 ) ?
sheryl crow		1987 - 1992 : early years		what happened in the early years ?		after graduating from the university of missouri , crow worked as a music teacher at the kellison elementary school in fenton , missouri .		did she have any producers in her younger years or was she alone ?		she was later introduced to local musician and record producer jay oliver .		did she sing in any shows in her early years ?		crow toured with michael jackson as a backing vocalist during his bad world tour 1987 - 89 and often performed with jackson		did she win any awards in her early years ?		i do n't know .		what were some of her other songs in the early years ?		that same year , her song " heal somebody " appeared in the film bright angel . the following year , she performed " hundreds of tears " ,		can you name any other songs during this time ?		other than " heal somebody " and " hundreds of tears " , can you name any other of sheryl crow 's songs during the early years ( 1987 - 1992 ) ?
sheryl crow		1987 - 1992 : early years		what happened in the early years ?		after graduating from the university of missouri , crow worked as a music teacher at the kellison elementary school in fenton , missouri .		did she have any producers in her younger years or was she alone ?		she was later introduced to local musician and record producer jay oliver .		did she sing in any shows in her early years ?		crow toured with michael jackson as a backing vocalist during his bad world tour 1987 - 89 and often performed with jackson		did she win any awards in her early years ?		i do n't know .		what were some of her other songs in the early years ?		that same year , her song " heal somebody " appeared in the film bright angel . the following year , she performed " hundreds of tears " ,		can you name any other songs during this time ?		sang a duet with kenny loggins on the track " i would do anything " , from his album leap of faith .		what happened in 1992 ?		what happened to sheryl crow in 1992 ?
sheryl crow		1987 - 1992 : early years		what happened in the early years ?		after graduating from the university of missouri , crow worked as a music teacher at the kellison elementary school in fenton , missouri .		did she have any producers in her younger years or was she alone ?		she was later introduced to local musician and record producer jay oliver .		did she sing in any shows in her early years ?		crow toured with michael jackson as a backing vocalist during his bad world tour 1987 - 89 and often performed with jackson		did she win any awards in her early years ?		i do n't know .		what were some of her other songs in the early years ?		that same year , her song " heal somebody " appeared in the film bright angel . the following year , she performed " hundreds of tears " ,		can you name any other songs during this time ?		sang a duet with kenny loggins on the track " i would do anything " , from his album leap of faith .		what happened in 1992 ?		i do n't know .		anything else notable about the article that you can share ?		in addition to graduating from the university of missouri , working as a music teacher at the kellison elementary school in fenton , missouri , record producer jay oliver , touring with michael jackson , awards , the song " heal somebody " , the song " hundreds of tears " , and the song " i would do anything " , is there anything else notable from the article about sheryl crow 's early years from 1987 - 1992 that you can share ?
nadia comneci		early gymnastics career		what accomplishment was nadia comaneci the first gymnast to achieve ?		what accomplishment was nadia comaneci the first gymnast to achieve ?
nadia comneci		early gymnastics career		what accomplishment was nadia comaneci the first gymnast to achieve ?		became the youngest gymnast ever to win the romanian nationals .		how many perfect 10.0 's did nadia comaneci receive ?		how many perfect 10.0 's did nadia comaneci receive ?
nadia comneci		early gymnastics career		what accomplishment was nadia comaneci the first gymnast to achieve ?		became the youngest gymnast ever to win the romanian nationals .		how many perfect 10.0 's did nadia comaneci receive ?		i do n't know .		in what city did nadia comaneci earn the first perfect 10.0 ?		in what city did nadia comaneci earn the first perfect 10.0 ?
nadia comneci		early gymnastics career		what accomplishment was nadia comaneci the first gymnast to achieve ?		became the youngest gymnast ever to win the romanian nationals .		how many perfect 10.0 's did nadia comaneci receive ?		i do n't know .		in what city did nadia comaneci earn the first perfect 10.0 ?		i do n't know .		what did the scoreboard read when she scored her first perfect 10.0 ?		what did the scoreboard read when nadia comaneci scored the first perfect 10.0 ?
the thrills		extended break and teenager		why did the thrills go on an extended break ?		why did the thrills go on an extended break ?
the thrills		extended break and teenager		why did the thrills go on an extended break ?		in an effort to evolve their sound .		how long did they stay on break ?		how long did the thrills stay on break ?
the thrills		extended break and teenager		why did the thrills go on an extended break ?		in an effort to evolve their sound .		how long did they stay on break ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from the ones already mentioned are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
the thrills		extended break and teenager		why did the thrills go on an extended break ?		in an effort to evolve their sound .		how long did they stay on break ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		teenager was released in ireland		what was special about the album teenager ?		what was special about the album teenager ?
the thrills		extended break and teenager		why did the thrills go on an extended break ?		in an effort to evolve their sound .		how long did they stay on break ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		teenager was released in ireland		what was special about the album teenager ?		it failed to light up the british and irish charts ,		did the album have any hits at all ?		did the thrill 's album have any hits at all ?
the thrills		extended break and teenager		why did the thrills go on an extended break ?		in an effort to evolve their sound .		how long did they stay on break ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		teenager was released in ireland		what was special about the album teenager ?		it failed to light up the british and irish charts ,		did the album have any hits at all ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects aside from what was already mentioned about this article ?
the thrills		extended break and teenager		why did the thrills go on an extended break ?		in an effort to evolve their sound .		how long did they stay on break ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		teenager was released in ireland		what was special about the album teenager ?		it failed to light up the british and irish charts ,		did the album have any hits at all ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the thrills : the end of innocence - was given limited release in the uk only .		did the band tour to support the album ?		did the thrill tour to support the album ?
odissi		sequence		what is sequence ?		what is sequence ?
odissi		sequence		what is sequence ?		traditional odissi repertoire sequence starts with an invocation called mangalacharana .		what is the invocation ?		what is the mangalacharana invocation ?
odissi		sequence		what is sequence ?		traditional odissi repertoire sequence starts with an invocation called mangalacharana .		what is the invocation ?		a shloka ( hymn ) in praise of a god or goddess		what happens next ?		what happens after mangalacharana ?
odissi		sequence		what is sequence ?		traditional odissi repertoire sequence starts with an invocation called mangalacharana .		what is the invocation ?		a shloka ( hymn ) in praise of a god or goddess		what happens next ?		the next sequential step in an odissi performance is batu ,		what is the batu ?		what is the odissi batu ?
odissi		sequence		what is sequence ?		traditional odissi repertoire sequence starts with an invocation called mangalacharana .		what is the invocation ?		a shloka ( hymn ) in praise of a god or goddess		what happens next ?		the next sequential step in an odissi performance is batu ,		what is the batu ?		it is a fast pace , pure dance ( nritta ) performed in the honor of shiva .		what happens after the batu ?		what happens after the odissi batu ?
nicole richie		television		what shows did she appear on		what shows did nicole richie appear on ?
nicole richie		television		what shows did she appear on		in 2003 , richie and her then - best friend paris hilton starred in the reality series the simple life ,		what was the show about		what was the show ' ' the simple life ' ' about ?
nicole richie		television		what shows did she appear on		in 2003 , richie and her then - best friend paris hilton starred in the reality series the simple life ,		what was the show about		the simple life , in which they lived for a month with a family in the rural community of altus , arkansas .		was it popular		was the show ' ' the simple life ' ' popular ?
nicole richie		television		what shows did she appear on		in 2003 , richie and her then - best friend paris hilton starred in the reality series the simple life ,		what was the show about		the simple life , in which they lived for a month with a family in the rural community of altus , arkansas .		was it popular		the series premiere debuted on fox on december 2 , 2003 , to 13 million viewers , increasing fox 's reach among viewers 18 - 49 .		how many seasons did it have		how many seasons did the show ' ' the simple life ' ' have ?
nicole richie		television		what shows did she appear on		in 2003 , richie and her then - best friend paris hilton starred in the reality series the simple life ,		what was the show about		the simple life , in which they lived for a month with a family in the rural community of altus , arkansas .		was it popular		the series premiere debuted on fox on december 2 , 2003 , to 13 million viewers , increasing fox 's reach among viewers 18 - 49 .		how many seasons did it have		but it was aired by e ! entertainment television for its fourth season , drawing nearly one million viewers and was followed by a relatively unsuccessful fifth season .		did she have any other shows		in addition to ' ' the simple life'',did nicole richie have any other shows
nicole richie		television		what shows did she appear on		in 2003 , richie and her then - best friend paris hilton starred in the reality series the simple life ,		what was the show about		the simple life , in which they lived for a month with a family in the rural community of altus , arkansas .		was it popular		the series premiere debuted on fox on december 2 , 2003 , to 13 million viewers , increasing fox 's reach among viewers 18 - 49 .		how many seasons did it have		but it was aired by e ! entertainment television for its fourth season , drawing nearly one million viewers and was followed by a relatively unsuccessful fifth season .		did she have any other shows		in 2005 , richie made her acting debut in the comedic drama kids in america .		was she a main role		was nicole richie a main role in the comedic drama ' ' kids in america ' ' ?
nicole richie		television		what shows did she appear on		in 2003 , richie and her then - best friend paris hilton starred in the reality series the simple life ,		what was the show about		the simple life , in which they lived for a month with a family in the rural community of altus , arkansas .		was it popular		the series premiere debuted on fox on december 2 , 2003 , to 13 million viewers , increasing fox 's reach among viewers 18 - 49 .		how many seasons did it have		but it was aired by e ! entertainment television for its fourth season , drawing nearly one million viewers and was followed by a relatively unsuccessful fifth season .		did she have any other shows		in 2005 , richie made her acting debut in the comedic drama kids in america .		was she a main role		i do n't know .		what other shows did she play		along with ' ' kids in america ' ' and ' ' the simple life'',what other shows did nicole richie play ?
nicole richie		television		what shows did she appear on		in 2003 , richie and her then - best friend paris hilton starred in the reality series the simple life ,		what was the show about		the simple life , in which they lived for a month with a family in the rural community of altus , arkansas .		was it popular		the series premiere debuted on fox on december 2 , 2003 , to 13 million viewers , increasing fox 's reach among viewers 18 - 49 .		how many seasons did it have		but it was aired by e ! entertainment television for its fourth season , drawing nearly one million viewers and was followed by a relatively unsuccessful fifth season .		did she have any other shows		in 2005 , richie made her acting debut in the comedic drama kids in america .		was she a main role		i do n't know .		what other shows did she play		guest starred in television series including eve , six feet under and american dreams , 8 simple rules for dating my teenage daughter , and playing the recurring character heather chandler on chuck .		is she still acting		is nicole richie still acting ?
nicole richie		television		what shows did she appear on		in 2003 , richie and her then - best friend paris hilton starred in the reality series the simple life ,		what was the show about		the simple life , in which they lived for a month with a family in the rural community of altus , arkansas .		was it popular		the series premiere debuted on fox on december 2 , 2003 , to 13 million viewers , increasing fox 's reach among viewers 18 - 49 .		how many seasons did it have		but it was aired by e ! entertainment television for its fourth season , drawing nearly one million viewers and was followed by a relatively unsuccessful fifth season .		did she have any other shows		in 2005 , richie made her acting debut in the comedic drama kids in america .		was she a main role		i do n't know .		what other shows did she play		guest starred in television series including eve , six feet under and american dreams , 8 simple rules for dating my teenage daughter , and playing the recurring character heather chandler on chuck .		is she still acting		in early 2016 , richie auditioned for a role in the nbc sitcom , great news , created by tracey wigfield and produced by wigfield and tina fey ,		is there anything thing else interesting		besides the facts that nicole richie was part of ' ' the simple life ' ' , ' ' kids in america ' ' , ' ' eve'',six feet under american dreams'',''8 simple rules for dating my teenage daughter ' ' and ' ' chuck'',is there anything thing else interesting ?
steve mcqueen		the 1970s		what films did mcqueen do in the 1970s ?		what films did steve mcqueen do in the 1970s ?
steve mcqueen		the 1970s		what films did mcqueen do in the 1970s ?		in 1971 mcqueen starred in the poorly received auto - racing drama le mans . then came junior bonner in 1972 ,		what directors did mcqueen work with ?		what directors did steve mcqueen work with ?
steve mcqueen		the 1970s		what films did mcqueen do in the 1970s ?		in 1971 mcqueen starred in the poorly received auto - racing drama le mans . then came junior bonner in 1972 ,		what directors did mcqueen work with ?		dunaway ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article besides that steve mcqueen was in 1971 movie le mans ?
steve mcqueen		the 1970s		what films did mcqueen do in the 1970s ?		in 1971 mcqueen starred in the poorly received auto - racing drama le mans . then came junior bonner in 1972 ,		what directors did mcqueen work with ?		dunaway ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		his last two films were loosely based on true stories :		how were his last two films received by critics ?		how were steve mcqueen 's last two films received by critics ?
nick cave and the bad seeds		relocation to germany and stylistic evolution ( 1985 - 1989 )		where was he prior to germany ?		where was nick cave and the bad seeds prior to germany ?
nick cave and the bad seeds		relocation to germany and stylistic evolution ( 1985 - 1989 )		where was he prior to germany ?		i do n't know .		when did he relocate ?		when did nick cave and the bad seeds relocate ?
nick cave and the bad seeds		relocation to germany and stylistic evolution ( 1985 - 1989 )		where was he prior to germany ?		i do n't know .		when did he relocate ?		the remaining members relocated to west berlin , germany ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than nick cave and the bad seeds relocating to west berlin , germany , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
nick cave and the bad seeds		relocation to germany and stylistic evolution ( 1985 - 1989 )		where was he prior to germany ?		i do n't know .		when did he relocate ?		the remaining members relocated to west berlin , germany ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1985 and released a second album the firstborn is dead .		how did that album do ?		how did nick cave and the bad seeds 's album the firstborn is dead do ?
nick cave and the bad seeds		relocation to germany and stylistic evolution ( 1985 - 1989 )		where was he prior to germany ?		i do n't know .		when did he relocate ?		the remaining members relocated to west berlin , germany ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1985 and released a second album the firstborn is dead .		how did that album do ?		i do n't know .		what did they do when they relocated to germany ?		what did nick cave and the bad seeds do when they relocated to germany ?
nick cave and the bad seeds		relocation to germany and stylistic evolution ( 1985 - 1989 )		where was he prior to germany ?		i do n't know .		when did he relocate ?		the remaining members relocated to west berlin , germany ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1985 and released a second album the firstborn is dead .		how did that album do ?		i do n't know .		what did they do when they relocated to germany ?		the band garnered an increased following due to a second 1986 album release ,		did they tour during this time ?		did nick cave and the bad seeds tour during their 1986 album release ?
nick cave and the bad seeds		relocation to germany and stylistic evolution ( 1985 - 1989 )		where was he prior to germany ?		i do n't know .		when did he relocate ?		the remaining members relocated to west berlin , germany ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1985 and released a second album the firstborn is dead .		how did that album do ?		i do n't know .		what did they do when they relocated to germany ?		the band garnered an increased following due to a second 1986 album release ,		did they tour during this time ?		i do n't know .		did they have any hit singles ?		did nick cave and the bad seeds have any hit singles ?
nick cave and the bad seeds		relocation to germany and stylistic evolution ( 1985 - 1989 )		where was he prior to germany ?		i do n't know .		when did he relocate ?		the remaining members relocated to west berlin , germany ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1985 and released a second album the firstborn is dead .		how did that album do ?		i do n't know .		what did they do when they relocated to germany ?		the band garnered an increased following due to a second 1986 album release ,		did they tour during this time ?		i do n't know .		did they have any hit singles ?		the single " the mercy seat "		when was this released ?		when was nick cave and the bad seeds ' single " the mercy seat " released ?
nick cave and the bad seeds		formation and early releases ( 1983 - 1985 )		what are some of the early releases of the band ?		what are some of the early releases of the nick cave and the bad seeds band ?
nick cave and the bad seeds		formation and early releases ( 1983 - 1985 )		what are some of the early releases of the band ?		cave 's intended solo project man or myth ? ,		was this solo project a success ?		was the man or myth ? solo project a success ?
nick cave and the bad seeds		formation and early releases ( 1983 - 1985 )		what are some of the early releases of the band ?		cave 's intended solo project man or myth ? ,		was this solo project a success ?		i do n't know .		what are other releases of the band ?		aside from man or myth ? , what are other releases of the nick cave and the bad seeds band ?
nick cave and the bad seeds		formation and early releases ( 1983 - 1985 )		what are some of the early releases of the band ?		cave 's intended solo project man or myth ? ,		was this solo project a success ?		i do n't know .		what are other releases of the band ?		the garden studios , formed the album from her to eternity , released on mute records in 1984 .		how did the band get started ?		how did the nick cave and the bad seeds band get started ?
nick cave and the bad seeds		formation and early releases ( 1983 - 1985 )		what are some of the early releases of the band ?		cave 's intended solo project man or myth ? ,		was this solo project a success ?		i do n't know .		what are other releases of the band ?		the garden studios , formed the album from her to eternity , released on mute records in 1984 .		how did the band get started ?		the project that would later evolve into nick cave and the bad seeds began following the demise of the birthday party		who was part of this new band project ?		who was part of the new the birthday party band project ?
nick cave and the bad seeds		formation and early releases ( 1983 - 1985 )		what are some of the early releases of the band ?		cave 's intended solo project man or myth ? ,		was this solo project a success ?		i do n't know .		what are other releases of the band ?		the garden studios , formed the album from her to eternity , released on mute records in 1984 .		how did the band get started ?		the project that would later evolve into nick cave and the bad seeds began following the demise of the birthday party		who was part of this new band project ?		both cave and harvey were members of the birthday party , along with guitarist rowland s. howard and bassist tracy pew .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from the bands formation , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
nick cave and the bad seeds		formation and early releases ( 1983 - 1985 )		what are some of the early releases of the band ?		cave 's intended solo project man or myth ? ,		was this solo project a success ?		i do n't know .		what are other releases of the band ?		the garden studios , formed the album from her to eternity , released on mute records in 1984 .		how did the band get started ?		the project that would later evolve into nick cave and the bad seeds began following the demise of the birthday party		who was part of this new band project ?		both cave and harvey were members of the birthday party , along with guitarist rowland s. howard and bassist tracy pew .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		during the recording sessions of the birthday party 's scheduled eps mutiny / the bad seed , internal disputes developed in the band .		what disputes developed in the band ?		what disputes developed in the nick cave and the bad seeds band ?
mr. bungle		disco volante ( 1994 - 1997 )		how did the disco volante begin ?		how did the disco volante begin ?
mr. bungle		disco volante ( 1994 - 1997 )		how did the disco volante begin ?		due to artwork delays and the band members ' many side - projects , it was four years before disco volante was released , in october 1995 .		how did the perform commercially ?		how did the disco volante perform commercially ?
mr. bungle		disco volante ( 1994 - 1997 )		how did the disco volante begin ?		due to artwork delays and the band members ' many side - projects , it was four years before disco volante was released , in october 1995 .		how did the perform commercially ?		not all critics were impressed with the album , with the washington post describing it as " an album of cheesy synthesizers ,		what followed this album ?		what followed the disco volante album ?
mr. bungle		disco volante ( 1994 - 1997 )		how did the disco volante begin ?		due to artwork delays and the band members ' many side - projects , it was four years before disco volante was released , in october 1995 .		how did the perform commercially ?		not all critics were impressed with the album , with the washington post describing it as " an album of cheesy synthesizers ,		what followed this album ?		mr. bungle supported this record with their first world tour , performing across north america , europe and australia during 1995 and 1996 . in 1997 ,		what is the highlight of this period in his career ?		what is the highlight of the world tour period ( 1995 - 1997 ) in mr. bungle 's career ?
mr. bungle		self - titled debut ( 1990 - 1993 )		what was significant for the band in 1990 ?		what was significant for the band mr. bungle in 1990 ?
mr. bungle		self - titled debut ( 1990 - 1993 )		what was significant for the band in 1990 ?		mr. bungle was signed to warner bros. records in 1990 ,		when was their debut album released ?		when was mr. bungle 's debut album released ?
mr. bungle		self - titled debut ( 1990 - 1993 )		what was significant for the band in 1990 ?		mr. bungle was signed to warner bros. records in 1990 ,		when was their debut album released ?		august 13 , 1991 .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article in addition to mr bungle 's debut album release ?
mr. bungle		self - titled debut ( 1990 - 1993 )		what was significant for the band in 1990 ?		mr. bungle was signed to warner bros. records in 1990 ,		when was their debut album released ?		august 13 , 1991 .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		their debut album , mr. bungle , was produced by jazz experimentalist john zorn and was released on august 13 , 1991 .		who worked on the debut album cover ?		who worked on the debut album cover for mr bungle 's debut album ?
bernadette peters		children 's books		when did peters write her first childrens book ?		when did bernadette peters write her first childrens book ?
bernadette peters		children 's books		when did peters write her first childrens book ?		2008		how many books did peters write ?		how many books did bernadette peters write ?
bernadette peters		children 's books		when did peters write her first childrens book ?		2008		how many books did peters write ?		the third book , released in 2015 , titled stella and charlie friends forever ,		what is stella and charlie friends forever about ?		what is the book stella and charlie friends forever about ?
bernadette peters		children 's books		when did peters write her first childrens book ?		2008		how many books did peters write ?		the third book , released in 2015 , titled stella and charlie friends forever ,		what is stella and charlie friends forever about ?		about her rescue dog charlie joining her household , and how charlie got along with her older dog , stella .		what other books did she write ?		besides stella and charlie friends forever , what other books did bernadette peters write ?
bernadette peters		children 's books		when did peters write her first childrens book ?		2008		how many books did peters write ?		the third book , released in 2015 , titled stella and charlie friends forever ,		what is stella and charlie friends forever about ?		about her rescue dog charlie joining her household , and how charlie got along with her older dog , stella .		what other books did she write ?		stella is a star , the book includes a cd with an original song		is she a successful writer ?		is bernadette peters a successful writer ?
bernadette peters		children 's books		when did peters write her first childrens book ?		2008		how many books did peters write ?		the third book , released in 2015 , titled stella and charlie friends forever ,		what is stella and charlie friends forever about ?		about her rescue dog charlie joining her household , and how charlie got along with her older dog , stella .		what other books did she write ?		stella is a star , the book includes a cd with an original song		is she a successful writer ?		the book reached # 5 on the new york times children 's best sellers : picture books list for the week of june 8 , 2008 .		what is stella is a star about ?		what is the book stella is a star about ?
bernadette peters		children 's books		when did peters write her first childrens book ?		2008		how many books did peters write ?		the third book , released in 2015 , titled stella and charlie friends forever ,		what is stella and charlie friends forever about ?		about her rescue dog charlie joining her household , and how charlie got along with her older dog , stella .		what other books did she write ?		stella is a star , the book includes a cd with an original song		is she a successful writer ?		the book reached # 5 on the new york times children 's best sellers : picture books list for the week of june 8 , 2008 .		what is stella is a star about ?		the story of a pit bull , named after peters ' dog stella . the character would rather be a pig ballerina , but she learns to accept herself .		when was her last book released ?		when was bernadette peters ' last book released ?
bernadette peters		children 's books		when did peters write her first childrens book ?		2008		how many books did peters write ?		the third book , released in 2015 , titled stella and charlie friends forever ,		what is stella and charlie friends forever about ?		about her rescue dog charlie joining her household , and how charlie got along with her older dog , stella .		what other books did she write ?		stella is a star , the book includes a cd with an original song		is she a successful writer ?		the book reached # 5 on the new york times children 's best sellers : picture books list for the week of june 8 , 2008 .		what is stella is a star about ?		the story of a pit bull , named after peters ' dog stella . the character would rather be a pig ballerina , but she learns to accept herself .		when was her last book released ?		the third book , released in 2015 ,		any interesting facts on her books ?		any interesting facts on bernadette peters ' books ?
anthony field		early life and education		where was anthony field born ?		where was anthony field born ?
anthony field		early life and education		where was anthony field born ?		field was born in kellyville , new south wales .		did he have any siblings ?		does anthony field have any siblings ?
anthony field		early life and education		where was anthony field born ?		field was born in kellyville , new south wales .		did he have any siblings ?		he is the youngest of seven children ,		what was the name of his parents ?		what was the name of anthony fields parents ?
anthony field		early life and education		where was anthony field born ?		field was born in kellyville , new south wales .		did he have any siblings ?		he is the youngest of seven children ,		what was the name of his parents ?		field 's mother , marie , made sure that all of her seven children learned how to play at least one musical instrument .		where did he go to school ?		where did anthony field go to school ?
anthony field		early life and education		where was anthony field born ?		field was born in kellyville , new south wales .		did he have any siblings ?		he is the youngest of seven children ,		what was the name of his parents ?		field 's mother , marie , made sure that all of her seven children learned how to play at least one musical instrument .		where did he go to school ?		he attended the all - boys boarding school st. joseph 's college ,		did he create any musical groups when he was young ?		did anthony field create any musical groups when he was young ?
anthony field		early life and education		where was anthony field born ?		field was born in kellyville , new south wales .		did he have any siblings ?		he is the youngest of seven children ,		what was the name of his parents ?		field 's mother , marie , made sure that all of her seven children learned how to play at least one musical instrument .		where did he go to school ?		he attended the all - boys boarding school st. joseph 's college ,		did he create any musical groups when he was young ?		in 1979 , while they were students at st. joseph 's , he and his brothers paul and john formed the pop group the cockroaches .		did the cockroaches become popular ?		did the cockroaches become popular ?
anthony field		early life and education		where was anthony field born ?		field was born in kellyville , new south wales .		did he have any siblings ?		he is the youngest of seven children ,		what was the name of his parents ?		field 's mother , marie , made sure that all of her seven children learned how to play at least one musical instrument .		where did he go to school ?		he attended the all - boys boarding school st. joseph 's college ,		did he create any musical groups when he was young ?		in 1979 , while they were students at st. joseph 's , he and his brothers paul and john formed the pop group the cockroaches .		did the cockroaches become popular ?		field put off university when the cockroaches became successful , but he was dissatisfied with touring and plagued by " perhaps irrational , but very real , feelings of inadequacy and depression " .		did the cockroaches ever make an album ?		did the cockroaches ever make an album ?
the box tops		one - off & reunion ( 1989 & 1996 - 2010 )		when did the one - off get together of the group take place ?		when did the group one - off join together ?
the box tops		one - off & reunion ( 1989 & 1996 - 2010 )		when did the one - off get together of the group take place ?		in 2001 the group contributed a blondie cover tune to a various artists		what caused the group to reunite ?		what caused the group one - off to reunite ?
the box tops		one - off & reunion ( 1989 & 1996 - 2010 )		when did the one - off get together of the group take place ?		in 2001 the group contributed a blondie cover tune to a various artists		what caused the group to reunite ?		venue called ace of clubs in 1989 for harold cloud 's family member .		where did the group reunite ?		where did the group reunite ?
the box tops		one - off & reunion ( 1989 & 1996 - 2010 )		when did the one - off get together of the group take place ?		in 2001 the group contributed a blondie cover tune to a various artists		what caused the group to reunite ?		venue called ace of clubs in 1989 for harold cloud 's family member .		where did the group reunite ?		nashville , tennessee ,		what songs did the group sing after their reunion ?		what song did one - off sing after the reunion ?
the box tops		one - off & reunion ( 1989 & 1996 - 2010 )		when did the one - off get together of the group take place ?		in 2001 the group contributed a blondie cover tune to a various artists		what caused the group to reunite ?		venue called ace of clubs in 1989 for harold cloud 's family member .		where did the group reunite ?		nashville , tennessee ,		what songs did the group sing after their reunion ?		tear off ! ,		how did the group breakup after their reunion ?		why did one - off breakup ?
the box tops		one - off & reunion ( 1989 & 1996 - 2010 )		when did the one - off get together of the group take place ?		in 2001 the group contributed a blondie cover tune to a various artists		what caused the group to reunite ?		venue called ace of clubs in 1989 for harold cloud 's family member .		where did the group reunite ?		nashville , tennessee ,		what songs did the group sing after their reunion ?		tear off ! ,		how did the group breakup after their reunion ?		on march 17 , 2010 , lead vocalist alex chilton died of a heart attack .		what were some of their successes after their reunion ?		what were some of the groups successes after their reunion ?
the box tops		one - off & reunion ( 1989 & 1996 - 2010 )		when did the one - off get together of the group take place ?		in 2001 the group contributed a blondie cover tune to a various artists		what caused the group to reunite ?		venue called ace of clubs in 1989 for harold cloud 's family member .		where did the group reunite ?		nashville , tennessee ,		what songs did the group sing after their reunion ?		tear off ! ,		how did the group breakup after their reunion ?		on march 17 , 2010 , lead vocalist alex chilton died of a heart attack .		what were some of their successes after their reunion ?		sold - out box tops concerts in germany in 2003		what were some of their new successes in the united states after their reunion ?		what were some of the groups new successes in the united states after their reunion ?
the box tops		one - off & reunion ( 1989 & 1996 - 2010 )		when did the one - off get together of the group take place ?		in 2001 the group contributed a blondie cover tune to a various artists		what caused the group to reunite ?		venue called ace of clubs in 1989 for harold cloud 's family member .		where did the group reunite ?		nashville , tennessee ,		what songs did the group sing after their reunion ?		tear off ! ,		how did the group breakup after their reunion ?		on march 17 , 2010 , lead vocalist alex chilton died of a heart attack .		what were some of their successes after their reunion ?		sold - out box tops concerts in germany in 2003		what were some of their new successes in the united states after their reunion ?		group 's 2005 tour schedule showed a number of american dates		what music awards did the group win after their reunion in 1996 ?		did one - off win any awards after their reunion ?
jeff bagwell		health issues and world series drive ( 2005 )		what are some health issues that jeff bagwell have to deal with ?		what are some health issues that jeff bagwell have to deal with ?
jeff bagwell		health issues and world series drive ( 2005 )		what are some health issues that jeff bagwell have to deal with ?		the chronic arthritic condition in his shoulder		did it bother him really bad ?		did the chronic arthritic condition in the shoulder bother jeff bagwell really bad ?
jeff bagwell		health issues and world series drive ( 2005 )		what are some health issues that jeff bagwell have to deal with ?		the chronic arthritic condition in his shoulder		did it bother him really bad ?		rendering him inactive for three - quarters of the season .		did he ever return to play ?		did jeff bagwell ever return to play ?
jeff bagwell		health issues and world series drive ( 2005 )		what are some health issues that jeff bagwell have to deal with ?		the chronic arthritic condition in his shoulder		did it bother him really bad ?		rendering him inactive for three - quarters of the season .		did he ever return to play ?		together with biggio , bagwell received baseball america 's lifetime achievement award after the 2005 season .		did he have any other health issues or conditions ?		other thanthe chronic arthritic condition the shoulder , did jeff bagwell have any other health issues or conditions ?
small faces		hiatus : 1970 - 75		what did they do during their hiatus ?		what did they do during jones and mclagan 's hiatus ?
small faces		hiatus : 1970 - 75		what did they do during their hiatus ?		jones and mclagan floundered briefly before joining forces with two former members of the jeff beck group ,		did they put any records out ?		did jones and mclagan put any records out ?
small faces		hiatus : 1970 - 75		what did they do during their hiatus ?		jones and mclagan floundered briefly before joining forces with two former members of the jeff beck group ,		did they put any records out ?		the new line - up 's first album in the uk was credited as first step by faces , while in the us the same album was released as first step by small faces .		how well did it do ?		how well did first step by small faces do ?
small faces		hiatus : 1970 - 75		what did they do during their hiatus ?		jones and mclagan floundered briefly before joining forces with two former members of the jeff beck group ,		did they put any records out ?		the new line - up 's first album in the uk was credited as first step by faces , while in the us the same album was released as first step by small faces .		how well did it do ?		the album was only a mild commercial success ,		did they have a second album ?		did jones and mclagan have a second album ?
small faces		hiatus : 1970 - 75		what did they do during their hiatus ?		jones and mclagan floundered briefly before joining forces with two former members of the jeff beck group ,		did they put any records out ?		the new line - up 's first album in the uk was credited as first step by faces , while in the us the same album was released as first step by small faces .		how well did it do ?		the album was only a mild commercial success ,		did they have a second album ?		all subsequent albums by this incarnation of the band appeared under the new name faces ,		did it gain in popularity ?		did faces gain in popularity ?
small faces		hiatus : 1970 - 75		what did they do during their hiatus ?		jones and mclagan floundered briefly before joining forces with two former members of the jeff beck group ,		did they put any records out ?		the new line - up 's first album in the uk was credited as first step by faces , while in the us the same album was released as first step by small faces .		how well did it do ?		the album was only a mild commercial success ,		did they have a second album ?		all subsequent albums by this incarnation of the band appeared under the new name faces ,		did it gain in popularity ?		i do n't know .		why did they break up ?		why did jones and mclagan break up ?
small faces		hiatus : 1970 - 75		what did they do during their hiatus ?		jones and mclagan floundered briefly before joining forces with two former members of the jeff beck group ,		did they put any records out ?		the new line - up 's first album in the uk was credited as first step by faces , while in the us the same album was released as first step by small faces .		how well did it do ?		the album was only a mild commercial success ,		did they have a second album ?		all subsequent albums by this incarnation of the band appeared under the new name faces ,		did it gain in popularity ?		i do n't know .		why did they break up ?		i do n't know .		* how did the band wind up getting back together ?		* how did jones and mclagan wind up getting back together ?
small faces		hiatus : 1970 - 75		what did they do during their hiatus ?		jones and mclagan floundered briefly before joining forces with two former members of the jeff beck group ,		did they put any records out ?		the new line - up 's first album in the uk was credited as first step by faces , while in the us the same album was released as first step by small faces .		how well did it do ?		the album was only a mild commercial success ,		did they have a second album ?		all subsequent albums by this incarnation of the band appeared under the new name faces ,		did it gain in popularity ?		i do n't know .		why did they break up ?		i do n't know .		* how did the band wind up getting back together ?		i do n't know .		did they do anything else of importance during the hiatus ?		besides singing did jones and mclagando anything else of importance during the hiatus ?
small faces		hiatus : 1970 - 75		what did they do during their hiatus ?		jones and mclagan floundered briefly before joining forces with two former members of the jeff beck group ,		did they put any records out ?		the new line - up 's first album in the uk was credited as first step by faces , while in the us the same album was released as first step by small faces .		how well did it do ?		the album was only a mild commercial success ,		did they have a second album ?		all subsequent albums by this incarnation of the band appeared under the new name faces ,		did it gain in popularity ?		i do n't know .		why did they break up ?		i do n't know .		* how did the band wind up getting back together ?		i do n't know .		did they do anything else of importance during the hiatus ?		marriott 's first post - small faces venture was with the rock group humble pie , formed with the former herd member peter frampton .		was that band successful ?		was humble pie successful ?
the kingston trio		21st - century perspectives		what is meant by the 21st - century perspectives ?		what is meant by the 21st - century together with kinston trio ?
the kingston trio		21st - century perspectives		what is meant by the 21st - century perspectives ?		expanded its song selection beyond the rearranged traditional numbers , calypso songs , and broadway show tunes that had appeared on its first several albums .		what are some other important things to happen during this time ?		what are some other important things to happen besides the time ?
the kingston trio		21st - century perspectives		what is meant by the 21st - century perspectives ?		expanded its song selection beyond the rearranged traditional numbers , calypso songs , and broadway show tunes that had appeared on its first several albums .		what are some other important things to happen during this time ?		they introduced " it was a very good year " in 1961 , later a standard for frank sinatra ,		how did it turn out after it was introduced ?		how did it turn out after other than introduced ?
the kingston trio		21st - century perspectives		what is meant by the 21st - century perspectives ?		expanded its song selection beyond the rearranged traditional numbers , calypso songs , and broadway show tunes that had appeared on its first several albums .		what are some other important things to happen during this time ?		they introduced " it was a very good year " in 1961 , later a standard for frank sinatra ,		how did it turn out after it was introduced ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects other than this article ?
the kingston trio		21st - century perspectives		what is meant by the 21st - century perspectives ?		expanded its song selection beyond the rearranged traditional numbers , calypso songs , and broadway show tunes that had appeared on its first several albums .		what are some other important things to happen during this time ?		they introduced " it was a very good year " in 1961 , later a standard for frank sinatra ,		how did it turn out after it was introduced ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		" the group deserves credit for helping to launch the folk boom that brought recognition to older folkies and radicals like woody guthrie and pete seeger ,		did they eventually get the credit that they deserve ?		did they eventually get the credit that besides deserve ?
joe mccarthy ( manager )		coaching style		who did he coach ?		who did mccarthy coach ?
joe mccarthy ( manager )		coaching style		who did he coach ?		ruth was traded to the lowly boston braves after the season .		what was mccarthy 's coaching style like ?		what was mccarthy 's coaching style like ?
joe mccarthy ( manager )		coaching style		who did he coach ?		ruth was traded to the lowly boston braves after the season .		what was mccarthy 's coaching style like ?		utilized a low - key approach , never going to the mound to remove a pitcher or arguing with an umpire except on a point of the rules ,		was he respected as a coach ?		was mccarthy respected as a coach ?
joe mccarthy ( manager )		coaching style		who did he coach ?		ruth was traded to the lowly boston braves after the season .		what was mccarthy 's coaching style like ?		utilized a low - key approach , never going to the mound to remove a pitcher or arguing with an umpire except on a point of the rules ,		was he respected as a coach ?		babe ruth , who had hoped to become new york 's manager and resented a team " outsider " being hired .		did he have any troubles or conflicts ?		did mccarthy have any troubles or conflicts ?
joe mccarthy ( manager )		coaching style		who did he coach ?		ruth was traded to the lowly boston braves after the season .		what was mccarthy 's coaching style like ?		utilized a low - key approach , never going to the mound to remove a pitcher or arguing with an umpire except on a point of the rules ,		was he respected as a coach ?		babe ruth , who had hoped to become new york 's manager and resented a team " outsider " being hired .		did he have any troubles or conflicts ?		ruth and mccarthy 's relationship was lukewarm at best , and chilled considerably in 1934 when ruth began openly campaigning to become manager .		what else was special about his coaching style ?		besides mccarthy 's low - key approach , what else was special about the coaching style ?
joe mccarthy ( manager )		coaching style		who did he coach ?		ruth was traded to the lowly boston braves after the season .		what was mccarthy 's coaching style like ?		utilized a low - key approach , never going to the mound to remove a pitcher or arguing with an umpire except on a point of the rules ,		was he respected as a coach ?		babe ruth , who had hoped to become new york 's manager and resented a team " outsider " being hired .		did he have any troubles or conflicts ?		ruth and mccarthy 's relationship was lukewarm at best , and chilled considerably in 1934 when ruth began openly campaigning to become manager .		what else was special about his coaching style ?		preferring to stay at his seat in the center of the dugout . he also declined to wear a numbered uniform with the yankees and red sox .		how many games did they win with him ?		how many games did boston braves win with mccarthy ?
joe mccarthy ( manager )		coaching style		who did he coach ?		ruth was traded to the lowly boston braves after the season .		what was mccarthy 's coaching style like ?		utilized a low - key approach , never going to the mound to remove a pitcher or arguing with an umpire except on a point of the rules ,		was he respected as a coach ?		babe ruth , who had hoped to become new york 's manager and resented a team " outsider " being hired .		did he have any troubles or conflicts ?		ruth and mccarthy 's relationship was lukewarm at best , and chilled considerably in 1934 when ruth began openly campaigning to become manager .		what else was special about his coaching style ?		preferring to stay at his seat in the center of the dugout . he also declined to wear a numbered uniform with the yankees and red sox .		how many games did they win with him ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to mccarthy 's coaching style and his relationship with babe ruth , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
joe mccarthy ( manager )		coaching style		who did he coach ?		ruth was traded to the lowly boston braves after the season .		what was mccarthy 's coaching style like ?		utilized a low - key approach , never going to the mound to remove a pitcher or arguing with an umpire except on a point of the rules ,		was he respected as a coach ?		babe ruth , who had hoped to become new york 's manager and resented a team " outsider " being hired .		did he have any troubles or conflicts ?		ruth and mccarthy 's relationship was lukewarm at best , and chilled considerably in 1934 when ruth began openly campaigning to become manager .		what else was special about his coaching style ?		preferring to stay at his seat in the center of the dugout . he also declined to wear a numbered uniform with the yankees and red sox .		how many games did they win with him ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in order to draw attention to his presumed masterful leadership of the yankees , mccarthy was given the nickname of " marse joe " by sportswriters .		how did he react to this ?		how did mccarthy react to being called ' ' marse joe ' ' by sportwriters ?
frank sinatra		death		when did frank sinatra die ?		when did frank sinatra die ?
frank sinatra		death		when did frank sinatra die ?		may 14 , 1998 ,		where did he pass away ?		where did frank sinatra pass away ?
frank sinatra		death		when did frank sinatra die ?		may 14 , 1998 ,		where did he pass away ?		cedars - sinai medical center in los angeles		how old was he when he died ?		how old was frank sinatra when he died ?
frank sinatra		death		when did frank sinatra die ?		may 14 , 1998 ,		where did he pass away ?		cedars - sinai medical center in los angeles		how old was he when he died ?		82 ,		what caused his death ?		what caused frank sinatra 's death ?
frank sinatra		death		when did frank sinatra die ?		may 14 , 1998 ,		where did he pass away ?		cedars - sinai medical center in los angeles		how old was he when he died ?		82 ,		what caused his death ?		a heart attack .		did he have health issues previously leading up to his death ?		did frank sinatra have health issues previously leading up to frank sinatra 's death ?
john ruskin		oxford 's first slade professor of fine art		who was oxford 's first slade professor of fine art ?		who was oxford 's first slade professor of fine art ?
john ruskin		oxford 's first slade professor of fine art		who was oxford 's first slade professor of fine art ?		ruskin		when was he appointed ?		when was john ruskin appointed at the first slade professor of fine art at oxford university ?
john ruskin		oxford 's first slade professor of fine art		who was oxford 's first slade professor of fine art ?		ruskin		when was he appointed ?		august 1869 ,		what happened after his appointment ?		what happened after john ruskin appointment at the sheldonian theatre ?
john ruskin		oxford 's first slade professor of fine art		who was oxford 's first slade professor of fine art ?		ruskin		when was he appointed ?		august 1869 ,		what happened after his appointment ?		he delivered his inaugural lecture on his 51st birthday in 1870 ,		what did he do after the inaugural lecture ?		what did john ruskin do after the inaugural lecture ?
john ruskin		oxford 's first slade professor of fine art		who was oxford 's first slade professor of fine art ?		ruskin		when was he appointed ?		august 1869 ,		what happened after his appointment ?		he delivered his inaugural lecture on his 51st birthday in 1870 ,		what did he do after the inaugural lecture ?		in 1871 , john ruskin founded his own art school at oxford ,		did anything interesting happen at the school ?		did anything interesting happen at the ruskin school of drawing and fine art ?
john ruskin		oxford 's first slade professor of fine art		who was oxford 's first slade professor of fine art ?		ruskin		when was he appointed ?		august 1869 ,		what happened after his appointment ?		he delivered his inaugural lecture on his 51st birthday in 1870 ,		what did he do after the inaugural lecture ?		in 1871 , john ruskin founded his own art school at oxford ,		did anything interesting happen at the school ?		the school challenged the orthodox , mechanical methodology of the government schools (		did he teach at the school he founded ?		did john ruskin teach at the ruskin school of drawing and fine art he founded ?
norman finkelstein		criticism		what were norman 's criticism ?		what were norman finkelstein 's criticism ?
norman finkelstein		criticism		what were norman 's criticism ?		daniel goldhagen , whose book hitler 's willing executioners finkelstein criticized , claimed his scholarship has " everything to do with his burning political agenda " .		which other critics does he have ?		which other than daniel goldgahen critics does norman finkelstein have ?
norman finkelstein		criticism		what were norman 's criticism ?		daniel goldhagen , whose book hitler 's willing executioners finkelstein criticized , claimed his scholarship has " everything to do with his burning political agenda " .		which other critics does he have ?		peter novick , professor of history at the university of chicago and a noted holocaust historian		how does he criticize him ?		how does peter novick criticize norman finkelstein ?
norman finkelstein		criticism		what were norman 's criticism ?		daniel goldhagen , whose book hitler 's willing executioners finkelstein criticized , claimed his scholarship has " everything to do with his burning political agenda " .		which other critics does he have ?		peter novick , professor of history at the university of chicago and a noted holocaust historian		how does he criticize him ?		strongly criticized the latter 's work , describing it as " trash " .		did he have any other critics ?		did norman finkelstein have any other critics aside from peter novick and daniel goldhagen ?
norman finkelstein		criticism		what were norman 's criticism ?		daniel goldhagen , whose book hitler 's willing executioners finkelstein criticized , claimed his scholarship has " everything to do with his burning political agenda " .		which other critics does he have ?		peter novick , professor of history at the university of chicago and a noted holocaust historian		how does he criticize him ?		strongly criticized the latter 's work , describing it as " trash " .		did he have any other critics ?		israeli historian omer bartov ,		what was his own critics on norman ?		what was omer bartov critics on norman finkelstein ?
tablo		2003 - 10 : success with epik high and pieces of you		what happened in 2003 ?		what happened to tablo in 2003 ?
tablo		2003 - 10 : success with epik high and pieces of you		what happened in 2003 ?		tablo made his official debut as the leader of the group epik high in 2003 alongside dj tukutz and mithra jin .		did they produce albums ?		did epik high produce albums ?
tablo		2003 - 10 : success with epik high and pieces of you		what happened in 2003 ?		tablo made his official debut as the leader of the group epik high in 2003 alongside dj tukutz and mithra jin .		did they produce albums ?		the group 's first album , map of the human soul , was released on october 21 , 2003 .		was the album a success ?		was map of the human soul a success ?
tablo		2003 - 10 : success with epik high and pieces of you		what happened in 2003 ?		tablo made his official debut as the leader of the group epik high in 2003 alongside dj tukutz and mithra jin .		did they produce albums ?		the group 's first album , map of the human soul , was released on october 21 , 2003 .		was the album a success ?		due to hip hop 's lack of popularity in south korea at the time , the album was a commercial failure .		did they have another album ?		did epik high have another album ?
tablo		2003 - 10 : success with epik high and pieces of you		what happened in 2003 ?		tablo made his official debut as the leader of the group epik high in 2003 alongside dj tukutz and mithra jin .		did they produce albums ?		the group 's first album , map of the human soul , was released on october 21 , 2003 .		was the album a success ?		due to hip hop 's lack of popularity in south korea at the time , the album was a commercial failure .		did they have another album ?		it was n't until the release of their second album , high society , that the group started to become more popular .		did it have any hit singles ?		did high society have any hit singles ?
tablo		2003 - 10 : success with epik high and pieces of you		what happened in 2003 ?		tablo made his official debut as the leader of the group epik high in 2003 alongside dj tukutz and mithra jin .		did they produce albums ?		the group 's first album , map of the human soul , was released on october 21 , 2003 .		was the album a success ?		due to hip hop 's lack of popularity in south korea at the time , the album was a commercial failure .		did they have another album ?		it was n't until the release of their second album , high society , that the group started to become more popular .		did it have any hit singles ?		" fly " ,		did they have any other hit albums ?		besides high society , did epik high have any other hit albums ?
tablo		2003 - 10 : success with epik high and pieces of you		what happened in 2003 ?		tablo made his official debut as the leader of the group epik high in 2003 alongside dj tukutz and mithra jin .		did they produce albums ?		the group 's first album , map of the human soul , was released on october 21 , 2003 .		was the album a success ?		due to hip hop 's lack of popularity in south korea at the time , the album was a commercial failure .		did they have another album ?		it was n't until the release of their second album , high society , that the group started to become more popular .		did it have any hit singles ?		" fly " ,		did they have any other hit albums ?		epik high 's third album , swan songs , was originally intended to be their last album ; however , upon release , the album became number one on numerous charts ,		did it win any awards ?		did swan songs win any awards ?
tablo		2003 - 10 : success with epik high and pieces of you		what happened in 2003 ?		tablo made his official debut as the leader of the group epik high in 2003 alongside dj tukutz and mithra jin .		did they produce albums ?		the group 's first album , map of the human soul , was released on october 21 , 2003 .		was the album a success ?		due to hip hop 's lack of popularity in south korea at the time , the album was a commercial failure .		did they have another album ?		it was n't until the release of their second album , high society , that the group started to become more popular .		did it have any hit singles ?		" fly " ,		did they have any other hit albums ?		epik high 's third album , swan songs , was originally intended to be their last album ; however , upon release , the album became number one on numerous charts ,		did it win any awards ?		i do n't know .		did they produce a fourth album ?		did epik high produce a fourth album ?
tablo		1980 - 2003 : early life and career beginnings		when was tablo born ?		when was tablo born ?
tablo		1980 - 2003 : early life and career beginnings		when was tablo born ?		july 22 , 1980 .		where was his birthplace ?		where was tablo 's birthplace ?
tablo		1980 - 2003 : early life and career beginnings		when was tablo born ?		july 22 , 1980 .		where was his birthplace ?		seoul , south korea		who were his parents ?		who were tablo 's parents ?
tablo		1980 - 2003 : early life and career beginnings		when was tablo born ?		july 22 , 1980 .		where was his birthplace ?		seoul , south korea		who were his parents ?		i do n't know .		how long did he live in indonesia ?		how long did tablo live in indonesia ?
tablo		1980 - 2003 : early life and career beginnings		when was tablo born ?		july 22 , 1980 .		where was his birthplace ?		seoul , south korea		who were his parents ?		i do n't know .		how long did he live in indonesia ?		he then spent around 3 years living in jakarta before his family relocated again several times to switzerland and hong kong for his father 's career until tablo was six ,		what did he do while in switzerland ?		what did tablo do while in switzerland ?
tablo		1980 - 2003 : early life and career beginnings		when was tablo born ?		july 22 , 1980 .		where was his birthplace ?		seoul , south korea		who were his parents ?		i do n't know .		how long did he live in indonesia ?		he then spent around 3 years living in jakarta before his family relocated again several times to switzerland and hong kong for his father 's career until tablo was six ,		what did he do while in switzerland ?		i do n't know .		how long did he live in canada ?		how long did tablo live in canada ?
tablo		1980 - 2003 : early life and career beginnings		when was tablo born ?		july 22 , 1980 .		where was his birthplace ?		seoul , south korea		who were his parents ?		i do n't know .		how long did he live in indonesia ?		he then spent around 3 years living in jakarta before his family relocated again several times to switzerland and hong kong for his father 's career until tablo was six ,		what did he do while in switzerland ?		i do n't know .		how long did he live in canada ?		i do n't know .		where did he move after canada ?		where did tablo move to after canada ?
tablo		1980 - 2003 : early life and career beginnings		when was tablo born ?		july 22 , 1980 .		where was his birthplace ?		seoul , south korea		who were his parents ?		i do n't know .		how long did he live in indonesia ?		he then spent around 3 years living in jakarta before his family relocated again several times to switzerland and hong kong for his father 's career until tablo was six ,		what did he do while in switzerland ?		i do n't know .		how long did he live in canada ?		i do n't know .		where did he move after canada ?		tablo attended st. george 's school in vancouver , british columbia . he then transferred to seoul international school .		did he graduate from seoul international school ?		did tablo graduate from seoul international school ?
david hume		ethics		what is most important about hume 's academics ?		what is most important about hume 's academics ?
david hume		ethics		what is most important about hume 's academics ?		hume 's writings on ethics began in the treatise and were refined in his an enquiry concerning the principles of morals ( 1751		what were the principles of morals ?		what were the principles of morals in hume 's book ?
david hume		ethics		what is most important about hume 's academics ?		hume 's writings on ethics began in the treatise and were refined in his an enquiry concerning the principles of morals ( 1751		what were the principles of morals ?		it is not knowing that governs ethical actions , but feelings .		are there any other parts of the morals ?		other than principles of morals , any other parts of the morals ?
david hume		ethics		what is most important about hume 's academics ?		hume 's writings on ethics began in the treatise and were refined in his an enquiry concerning the principles of morals ( 1751		what were the principles of morals ?		it is not knowing that governs ethical actions , but feelings .		are there any other parts of the morals ?		morals excite passions , and produce or prevent actions . reason itself is utterly impotent in this particular .		was this from a book hume 's wrote ?		was principles of morals from a book hume 's wrote ?
david hume		ethics		what is most important about hume 's academics ?		hume 's writings on ethics began in the treatise and were refined in his an enquiry concerning the principles of morals ( 1751		what were the principles of morals ?		it is not knowing that governs ethical actions , but feelings .		are there any other parts of the morals ?		morals excite passions , and produce or prevent actions . reason itself is utterly impotent in this particular .		was this from a book hume 's wrote ?		an enquiry concerning the principles of morals (		what else did he write ?		other than principles of morals , what did hume write ?
david hume		ethics		what is most important about hume 's academics ?		hume 's writings on ethics began in the treatise and were refined in his an enquiry concerning the principles of morals ( 1751		what were the principles of morals ?		it is not knowing that governs ethical actions , but feelings .		are there any other parts of the morals ?		morals excite passions , and produce or prevent actions . reason itself is utterly impotent in this particular .		was this from a book hume 's wrote ?		an enquiry concerning the principles of morals (		what else did he write ?		hume 's theory of ethics has been influential in modern day meta - ethical theory , helping to inspire emotivism , and ethical expressivism and non - cognitivism ,		does he discuss emotivism ?		does hume discuss about emotivism ?
david hume		ethics		what is most important about hume 's academics ?		hume 's writings on ethics began in the treatise and were refined in his an enquiry concerning the principles of morals ( 1751		what were the principles of morals ?		it is not knowing that governs ethical actions , but feelings .		are there any other parts of the morals ?		morals excite passions , and produce or prevent actions . reason itself is utterly impotent in this particular .		was this from a book hume 's wrote ?		an enquiry concerning the principles of morals (		what else did he write ?		hume 's theory of ethics has been influential in modern day meta - ethical theory , helping to inspire emotivism , and ethical expressivism and non - cognitivism ,		does he discuss emotivism ?		i do n't know .		what are hume 's theory of ethics ?		what are ethics of hume 's theory ?
celine dion		voice and timbre		what can you tell me about celines voice		what can you tell me about celine dion 's voice ?
celine dion		voice and timbre		what can you tell me about celines voice		dion possesses a three - octave range , from b2 to e6 . dion once stated that she is a mezzo - soprano .		how did she train her voice		how did celine dion train her voice ?
celine dion		voice and timbre		what can you tell me about celines voice		dion possesses a three - octave range , from b2 to e6 . dion once stated that she is a mezzo - soprano .		how did she train her voice		i do n't know .		does she have a unique voice		does celine dion have a unique voice ?
celine dion		voice and timbre		what can you tell me about celines voice		dion possesses a three - octave range , from b2 to e6 . dion once stated that she is a mezzo - soprano .		how did she train her voice		i do n't know .		does she have a unique voice		her self - titled album was promoted with the slogan " remember the name because you 'll never forget the voice . "		what about her timbre		what about celine dion 's timbre ?
celine dion		voice and timbre		what can you tell me about celines voice		dion possesses a three - octave range , from b2 to e6 . dion once stated that she is a mezzo - soprano .		how did she train her voice		i do n't know .		does she have a unique voice		her self - titled album was promoted with the slogan " remember the name because you 'll never forget the voice . "		what about her timbre		her timbre has been described as " thin , slightly nasal " with a " raspy " lower register and " bell glass - like high notes " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article , besides that celine dion 's timbre has been described as " thin , slightly nasal " with a " raspy " lower register and " bell glass - like high notes " ?
celine dion		voice and timbre		what can you tell me about celines voice		dion possesses a three - octave range , from b2 to e6 . dion once stated that she is a mezzo - soprano .		how did she train her voice		i do n't know .		does she have a unique voice		her self - titled album was promoted with the slogan " remember the name because you 'll never forget the voice . "		what about her timbre		her timbre has been described as " thin , slightly nasal " with a " raspy " lower register and " bell glass - like high notes " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		she has been described as a reigning " queen of pop " for her influence over the record industry during the 1990s , alongside other female entertainers , including		who else		besides celion dion , who else has been described as a reigning " queen of pop " ?
celine dion		voice and timbre		what can you tell me about celines voice		dion possesses a three - octave range , from b2 to e6 . dion once stated that she is a mezzo - soprano .		how did she train her voice		i do n't know .		does she have a unique voice		her self - titled album was promoted with the slogan " remember the name because you 'll never forget the voice . "		what about her timbre		her timbre has been described as " thin , slightly nasal " with a " raspy " lower register and " bell glass - like high notes " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		she has been described as a reigning " queen of pop " for her influence over the record industry during the 1990s , alongside other female entertainers , including		who else		whitney houston and mariah carey . in a countdown of the " 22 greatest voices in music " by blender magazine and mtv , she placed		where did she place		where did celine dion place in"22 greatest voices in music " by blender magazine ?
celine dion		voice and timbre		what can you tell me about celines voice		dion possesses a three - octave range , from b2 to e6 . dion once stated that she is a mezzo - soprano .		how did she train her voice		i do n't know .		does she have a unique voice		her self - titled album was promoted with the slogan " remember the name because you 'll never forget the voice . "		what about her timbre		her timbre has been described as " thin , slightly nasal " with a " raspy " lower register and " bell glass - like high notes " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		she has been described as a reigning " queen of pop " for her influence over the record industry during the 1990s , alongside other female entertainers , including		who else		whitney houston and mariah carey . in a countdown of the " 22 greatest voices in music " by blender magazine and mtv , she placed		where did she place		she placed ninth ( sixth for a female ) , and she was also placed fourth in cover magazineis list of " the 100 outstanding pop vocalists .		what else can you tell me about her voice		what else can you tell me about celine dion 's voice , aside from that dion possesses a three - octave range , from b2 to e6 .
george mallory		in europe		when was he in europe ?		when was george mallory in europe ?
george mallory		in europe		when was he in europe ?		1910 ,		what did he do in europe ?		what did george mallory do in europe in 1910 ?
george mallory		in europe		when was he in europe ?		1910 ,		what did he do in europe ?		mallory and a friend attempted to climb mont velan in the alps ,		were they successful in their attempt ?		were george mallory and a friend successful in their attempt to climb mont velan in the alps ?
george mallory		in europe		when was he in europe ?		1910 ,		what did he do in europe ?		mallory and a friend attempted to climb mont velan in the alps ,		were they successful in their attempt ?		turned back shortly before the summit due to mallory 's altitude sickness .		did they try again ?		did george mallory and a friend try again to climb mont velan in the alps ?
george mallory		in europe		when was he in europe ?		1910 ,		what did he do in europe ?		mallory and a friend attempted to climb mont velan in the alps ,		were they successful in their attempt ?		turned back shortly before the summit due to mallory 's altitude sickness .		did they try again ?		i do n't know .		did he climb with anyone ?		did george mallory climb with anyone ?
george mallory		in europe		when was he in europe ?		1910 ,		what did he do in europe ?		mallory and a friend attempted to climb mont velan in the alps ,		were they successful in their attempt ?		turned back shortly before the summit due to mallory 's altitude sickness .		did they try again ?		i do n't know .		did he climb with anyone ?		in a party again led by irving .		did he climb anything else ?		did george mallory climb anything other than mont velan ?
george mallory		in europe		when was he in europe ?		1910 ,		what did he do in europe ?		mallory and a friend attempted to climb mont velan in the alps ,		were they successful in their attempt ?		turned back shortly before the summit due to mallory 's altitude sickness .		did they try again ?		i do n't know .		did he climb with anyone ?		in a party again led by irving .		did he climb anything else ?		he had ascended pillar rock in the english lake district ,		did he go with anyone ?		did george mallory go with anyone during ascending of pillar rock ?
george mallory		in europe		when was he in europe ?		1910 ,		what did he do in europe ?		mallory and a friend attempted to climb mont velan in the alps ,		were they successful in their attempt ?		turned back shortly before the summit due to mallory 's altitude sickness .		did they try again ?		i do n't know .		did he climb with anyone ?		in a party again led by irving .		did he climb anything else ?		he had ascended pillar rock in the english lake district ,		did he go with anyone ?		no assistance ,		did he set any records with his climbs ?		did george mallory set any records with his climbs ?
george mallory		in europe		when was he in europe ?		1910 ,		what did he do in europe ?		mallory and a friend attempted to climb mont velan in the alps ,		were they successful in their attempt ?		turned back shortly before the summit due to mallory 's altitude sickness .		did they try again ?		i do n't know .		did he climb with anyone ?		in a party again led by irving .		did he climb anything else ?		he had ascended pillar rock in the english lake district ,		did he go with anyone ?		no assistance ,		did he set any records with his climbs ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects other than climbs of george mallory ?
george mallory		in europe		when was he in europe ?		1910 ,		what did he do in europe ?		mallory and a friend attempted to climb mont velan in the alps ,		were they successful in their attempt ?		turned back shortly before the summit due to mallory 's altitude sickness .		did they try again ?		i do n't know .		did he climb with anyone ?		in a party again led by irving .		did he climb anything else ?		he had ascended pillar rock in the english lake district ,		did he go with anyone ?		no assistance ,		did he set any records with his climbs ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		one of mallory 's closest friends and climbing companions was a young woman named cottie sanders ,		what was special about her ?		what was special about cottie sanders ?
george mallory		in europe		when was he in europe ?		1910 ,		what did he do in europe ?		mallory and a friend attempted to climb mont velan in the alps ,		were they successful in their attempt ?		turned back shortly before the summit due to mallory 's altitude sickness .		did they try again ?		i do n't know .		did he climb with anyone ?		in a party again led by irving .		did he climb anything else ?		he had ascended pillar rock in the english lake district ,		did he go with anyone ?		no assistance ,		did he set any records with his climbs ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		one of mallory 's closest friends and climbing companions was a young woman named cottie sanders ,		what was special about her ?		cottie sanders , who became a novelist with the pseudonym of ann bridge .		did he have a romantic relationship with her ?		did george mallory have a romantic relationship with cottie sanders ?
george mallory		in asia		what year(s ) was mallory in asia ?		what year(s ) was mallory in asia ?
george mallory		in asia		what year(s ) was mallory in asia ?		mallory participated in the initial 1921 british reconnaissance expedition ,		who did he climb with in 1921 ?		who did george mallory climb with in 1921 ?
george mallory		in asia		what year(s ) was mallory in asia ?		mallory participated in the initial 1921 british reconnaissance expedition ,		who did he climb with in 1921 ?		organised and financed by the mount everest committee , that explored routes up to the north col of mount everest .		were they successful in the climb ?		were george mallory and mount everest committee successful in the climb of north col of mount everest ?
george mallory		in asia		what year(s ) was mallory in asia ?		mallory participated in the initial 1921 british reconnaissance expedition ,		who did he climb with in 1921 ?		organised and financed by the mount everest committee , that explored routes up to the north col of mount everest .		were they successful in the climb ?		the expedition produced the first accurate maps of the region around the mountain , as mallory , his climbing partner guy bullock and e. o. wheeler		what else can you tell me about this climb		what else other than that the fact that the expedition produced the first accurate maps of the region around the mountain everest , can you tell me about the climb by george mallory , guy bullock and e. o. wheeler ?
george mallory		in asia		what year(s ) was mallory in asia ?		mallory participated in the initial 1921 british reconnaissance expedition ,		who did he climb with in 1921 ?		organised and financed by the mount everest committee , that explored routes up to the north col of mount everest .		were they successful in the climb ?		the expedition produced the first accurate maps of the region around the mountain , as mallory , his climbing partner guy bullock and e. o. wheeler		what else can you tell me about this climb		under mallory 's leadership , and with the assistance of around a dozen sherpas , the group climbed several lower peaks near everest .		was this the only climb in asia ?		was the climb of north col of mount everest by george mallory and his group the only climb in asia ?
george mallory		in asia		what year(s ) was mallory in asia ?		mallory participated in the initial 1921 british reconnaissance expedition ,		who did he climb with in 1921 ?		organised and financed by the mount everest committee , that explored routes up to the north col of mount everest .		were they successful in the climb ?		the expedition produced the first accurate maps of the region around the mountain , as mallory , his climbing partner guy bullock and e. o. wheeler		what else can you tell me about this climb		under mallory 's leadership , and with the assistance of around a dozen sherpas , the group climbed several lower peaks near everest .		was this the only climb in asia ?		his party were almost certainly the first westerners to view the western cwm at the foot of the lhotse face , as well as charting the course of the rongbuk glacier		what year was this expedition ?		what year was the expedition of north col of mount everest by george mallory and his group ?
george mallory		in asia		what year(s ) was mallory in asia ?		mallory participated in the initial 1921 british reconnaissance expedition ,		who did he climb with in 1921 ?		organised and financed by the mount everest committee , that explored routes up to the north col of mount everest .		were they successful in the climb ?		the expedition produced the first accurate maps of the region around the mountain , as mallory , his climbing partner guy bullock and e. o. wheeler		what else can you tell me about this climb		under mallory 's leadership , and with the assistance of around a dozen sherpas , the group climbed several lower peaks near everest .		was this the only climb in asia ?		his party were almost certainly the first westerners to view the western cwm at the foot of the lhotse face , as well as charting the course of the rongbuk glacier		what year was this expedition ?		1922		what else happened at rongbuk glacier ?		what else other than charting the course of the rongbuk glacier happened at rongbuk glacier when george mallory and his group went on an expedition of north col of mount everest ?
george mallory		in asia		what year(s ) was mallory in asia ?		mallory participated in the initial 1921 british reconnaissance expedition ,		who did he climb with in 1921 ?		organised and financed by the mount everest committee , that explored routes up to the north col of mount everest .		were they successful in the climb ?		the expedition produced the first accurate maps of the region around the mountain , as mallory , his climbing partner guy bullock and e. o. wheeler		what else can you tell me about this climb		under mallory 's leadership , and with the assistance of around a dozen sherpas , the group climbed several lower peaks near everest .		was this the only climb in asia ?		his party were almost certainly the first westerners to view the western cwm at the foot of the lhotse face , as well as charting the course of the rongbuk glacier		what year was this expedition ?		1922		what else happened at rongbuk glacier ?		his party finally discovered the east rongbuk glacier -- the highway to the summit now used by nearly all climbers on the tibetan side of the mountain .		was there other things he discovered ?		was there other things that george mallory discovered other than discovering the east rongbuk glacier ?
george mallory		in asia		what year(s ) was mallory in asia ?		mallory participated in the initial 1921 british reconnaissance expedition ,		who did he climb with in 1921 ?		organised and financed by the mount everest committee , that explored routes up to the north col of mount everest .		were they successful in the climb ?		the expedition produced the first accurate maps of the region around the mountain , as mallory , his climbing partner guy bullock and e. o. wheeler		what else can you tell me about this climb		under mallory 's leadership , and with the assistance of around a dozen sherpas , the group climbed several lower peaks near everest .		was this the only climb in asia ?		his party were almost certainly the first westerners to view the western cwm at the foot of the lhotse face , as well as charting the course of the rongbuk glacier		what year was this expedition ?		1922		what else happened at rongbuk glacier ?		his party finally discovered the east rongbuk glacier -- the highway to the summit now used by nearly all climbers on the tibetan side of the mountain .		was there other things he discovered ?		they spied a route to the summit via the north - east ridge over the obstacle of the second step .		had he achieved any record climbs ?		had george mallory achieved any record climbs ?
george mallory		in asia		what year(s ) was mallory in asia ?		mallory participated in the initial 1921 british reconnaissance expedition ,		who did he climb with in 1921 ?		organised and financed by the mount everest committee , that explored routes up to the north col of mount everest .		were they successful in the climb ?		the expedition produced the first accurate maps of the region around the mountain , as mallory , his climbing partner guy bullock and e. o. wheeler		what else can you tell me about this climb		under mallory 's leadership , and with the assistance of around a dozen sherpas , the group climbed several lower peaks near everest .		was this the only climb in asia ?		his party were almost certainly the first westerners to view the western cwm at the foot of the lhotse face , as well as charting the course of the rongbuk glacier		what year was this expedition ?		1922		what else happened at rongbuk glacier ?		his party finally discovered the east rongbuk glacier -- the highway to the summit now used by nearly all climbers on the tibetan side of the mountain .		was there other things he discovered ?		they spied a route to the summit via the north - east ridge over the obstacle of the second step .		had he achieved any record climbs ?		despite being hampered and slowed by the thin air , they achieved a record altitude of 26,980 ft ( 8,225 m ) before weather conditions and the late hour forced them to retreat .		did he fail at any climbs ?		did george mallory fail at any climbs ?
george mallory		in asia		what year(s ) was mallory in asia ?		mallory participated in the initial 1921 british reconnaissance expedition ,		who did he climb with in 1921 ?		organised and financed by the mount everest committee , that explored routes up to the north col of mount everest .		were they successful in the climb ?		the expedition produced the first accurate maps of the region around the mountain , as mallory , his climbing partner guy bullock and e. o. wheeler		what else can you tell me about this climb		under mallory 's leadership , and with the assistance of around a dozen sherpas , the group climbed several lower peaks near everest .		was this the only climb in asia ?		his party were almost certainly the first westerners to view the western cwm at the foot of the lhotse face , as well as charting the course of the rongbuk glacier		what year was this expedition ?		1922		what else happened at rongbuk glacier ?		his party finally discovered the east rongbuk glacier -- the highway to the summit now used by nearly all climbers on the tibetan side of the mountain .		was there other things he discovered ?		they spied a route to the summit via the north - east ridge over the obstacle of the second step .		had he achieved any record climbs ?		despite being hampered and slowed by the thin air , they achieved a record altitude of 26,980 ft ( 8,225 m ) before weather conditions and the late hour forced them to retreat .		did he fail at any climbs ?		mallory organised a third unsuccessful attempt on the summit , departing as the monsoon season arrived .		did he experience other successes ?		did george mallory experience other successes other than the climb of mount everest ?
plato		socrates		how was plato associated with socrates ?		how was plato associated with socrates ?
plato		socrates		how was plato associated with socrates ?		plato makes it clear in his apology of socrates that he was a devoted young follower of socrates .		what was his apology of socrates ?		what was plato 's apology of socrates ?
plato		socrates		how was plato associated with socrates ?		plato makes it clear in his apology of socrates that he was a devoted young follower of socrates .		what was his apology of socrates ?		in that dialogue , socrates is presented as mentioning plato by name as one of those youths close enough to him to have been corrupted ,		how was plato corrupted ?		how was plato corrupted ?
plato		socrates		how was plato associated with socrates ?		plato makes it clear in his apology of socrates that he was a devoted young follower of socrates .		what was his apology of socrates ?		in that dialogue , socrates is presented as mentioning plato by name as one of those youths close enough to him to have been corrupted ,		how was plato corrupted ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides being about greek philosophy , are there any other interesting aspects about the article on plato and socrates ?
plato		socrates		how was plato associated with socrates ?		plato makes it clear in his apology of socrates that he was a devoted young follower of socrates .		what was his apology of socrates ?		in that dialogue , socrates is presented as mentioning plato by name as one of those youths close enough to him to have been corrupted ,		how was plato corrupted ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aristotle suggests that socrates ' idea of forms can be discovered through investigation of the natural world ,		did he have any other philosophies that related to socrates ?		aside from socrates idea of forms , did aristotle have any other philosophies that related to socrates ?
david vitter		opposition to franken amendment		what is the franken amendment ?		what is the franken amendment ?
david vitter		opposition to franken amendment		what is the franken amendment ?		bill that would forbid federal contractors from forcing victims of sexual assault , battery and discrimination to submit to binding arbitration		how did it proceed ?		how did franken amendment proceed ?
david vitter		opposition to franken amendment		what is the franken amendment ?		bill that would forbid federal contractors from forcing victims of sexual assault , battery and discrimination to submit to binding arbitration		how did it proceed ?		the amendment passed 68 to 30		what was interesting about it ?		what was interesting about the franken amendment ?
david vitter		opposition to franken amendment		what is the franken amendment ?		bill that would forbid federal contractors from forcing victims of sexual assault , battery and discrimination to submit to binding arbitration		how did it proceed ?		the amendment passed 68 to 30		what was interesting about it ?		republican senators said they voted against it because it was unenforceable ,		what did he do next ?		what did vitter do next ?
david vitter		opposition to franken amendment		what is the franken amendment ?		bill that would forbid federal contractors from forcing victims of sexual assault , battery and discrimination to submit to binding arbitration		how did it proceed ?		the amendment passed 68 to 30		what was interesting about it ?		republican senators said they voted against it because it was unenforceable ,		what did he do next ?		i do n't know .		who supported the bill ?		who supported the bill ?
david vitter		opposition to franken amendment		what is the franken amendment ?		bill that would forbid federal contractors from forcing victims of sexual assault , battery and discrimination to submit to binding arbitration		how did it proceed ?		the amendment passed 68 to 30		what was interesting about it ?		republican senators said they voted against it because it was unenforceable ,		what did he do next ?		i do n't know .		who supported the bill ?		the white house stated they agreed with the intent of the legislation		any other supporters or people against it ?		besides the republicans and the white house any other supporters or people against the franken amendment ?
david vitter		opposition to franken amendment		what is the franken amendment ?		bill that would forbid federal contractors from forcing victims of sexual assault , battery and discrimination to submit to binding arbitration		how did it proceed ?		the amendment passed 68 to 30		what was interesting about it ?		republican senators said they voted against it because it was unenforceable ,		what did he do next ?		i do n't know .		who supported the bill ?		the white house stated they agreed with the intent of the legislation		any other supporters or people against it ?		all present democrats voted for passage		was this considered controversial ?		was democrats voting for passage considered controversial ?
david vitter		opposition to franken amendment		what is the franken amendment ?		bill that would forbid federal contractors from forcing victims of sexual assault , battery and discrimination to submit to binding arbitration		how did it proceed ?		the amendment passed 68 to 30		what was interesting about it ?		republican senators said they voted against it because it was unenforceable ,		what did he do next ?		i do n't know .		who supported the bill ?		the white house stated they agreed with the intent of the legislation		any other supporters or people against it ?		all present democrats voted for passage		was this considered controversial ?		i do n't know .		how did the public feel about it ?		how did the public feel about franken amendment ?
david vitter		opposition to franken amendment		what is the franken amendment ?		bill that would forbid federal contractors from forcing victims of sexual assault , battery and discrimination to submit to binding arbitration		how did it proceed ?		the amendment passed 68 to 30		what was interesting about it ?		republican senators said they voted against it because it was unenforceable ,		what did he do next ?		i do n't know .		who supported the bill ?		the white house stated they agreed with the intent of the legislation		any other supporters or people against it ?		all present democrats voted for passage		was this considered controversial ?		i do n't know .		how did the public feel about it ?		others felt it was unconstitutional		anything else notable about this ?		in addition to been a bill that would forbid federal contractors from forcing victims of sexual assault , battery and discrimination to submit to binding arbitration anything else notable about the franken amendment ?
david vitter		opposition to franken amendment		what is the franken amendment ?		bill that would forbid federal contractors from forcing victims of sexual assault , battery and discrimination to submit to binding arbitration		how did it proceed ?		the amendment passed 68 to 30		what was interesting about it ?		republican senators said they voted against it because it was unenforceable ,		what did he do next ?		i do n't know .		who supported the bill ?		the white house stated they agreed with the intent of the legislation		any other supporters or people against it ?		all present democrats voted for passage		was this considered controversial ?		i do n't know .		how did the public feel about it ?		others felt it was unconstitutional		anything else notable about this ?		rape survivor confronted vitter at a town hall meeting saying , " [ it ] meant everything to me that i was able to put the person who attacked me behind bars		did this affect his political career ?		did the franken amendment affect vitter 's political career ?
simple minds		sparkle in the rain		what was sparkle in the rain ?		what is the story of the song sparkle in the rain ?
simple minds		sparkle in the rain		what was sparkle in the rain ?		sparkle in the rain topped the charts in the uk		did it win any awards ?		did sparkle in the rain win any awards ?
simple minds		sparkle in the rain		what was sparkle in the rain ?		sparkle in the rain topped the charts in the uk		did it win any awards ?		topped the charts in the uk and hit the top 20 in several other countries ( including canada , where it reached no . 13		did you learn anything else interesting in the article ?		in addition to the chart topping song sparkle in the rain , is there anything else interesting about the band that recorded it ?
simple minds		sparkle in the rain		what was sparkle in the rain ?		sparkle in the rain topped the charts in the uk		did it win any awards ?		topped the charts in the uk and hit the top 20 in several other countries ( including canada , where it reached no . 13		did you learn anything else interesting in the article ?		successful singles like " waterfront " ( which hit no . 1 in a few european countries ) and " speed your love to me " and " up on the catwalk " .		what other successful albums did they have ?		along with the album that contained sparkle in the rain , what other successful albums did the band that recorded that song have ?
simple minds		sparkle in the rain		what was sparkle in the rain ?		sparkle in the rain topped the charts in the uk		did it win any awards ?		topped the charts in the uk and hit the top 20 in several other countries ( including canada , where it reached no . 13		did you learn anything else interesting in the article ?		successful singles like " waterfront " ( which hit no . 1 in a few european countries ) and " speed your love to me " and " up on the catwalk " .		what other successful albums did they have ?		i do n't know .		what else did he do ?		along with recording chart topping songs , what else did the band that recorded sparkle in the rain do ?
kenny dalglish		liverpool		when did dalglish play with liverpool ?		when did kenny dalglish play with liverpool ?
kenny dalglish		liverpool		when did dalglish play with liverpool ?		after the heysel stadium disaster in 1985 and joe fagan 's subsequent resignation as manager , dalglish became player - manager of liverpool .		how did the team do in under dalglish ?		how did the liverpool do in under kenny dalglish ?
kenny dalglish		liverpool		when did dalglish play with liverpool ?		after the heysel stadium disaster in 1985 and joe fagan 's subsequent resignation as manager , dalglish became player - manager of liverpool .		how did the team do in under dalglish ?		in his first season in charge in 1985 - 86 , he guided the club to its first " double " . liverpool achieved this by winning the league championship by two points over everton		did he come back for the 86 - 87 team ?		did kenny dalglish come back for the 86 - 87 liverpool team ?
kenny dalglish		liverpool		when did dalglish play with liverpool ?		after the heysel stadium disaster in 1985 and joe fagan 's subsequent resignation as manager , dalglish became player - manager of liverpool .		how did the team do in under dalglish ?		in his first season in charge in 1985 - 86 , he guided the club to its first " double " . liverpool achieved this by winning the league championship by two points over everton		did he come back for the 86 - 87 team ?		the 1986 - 87 season was trophyless for liverpool . they lost 2 - 1 to arsenal in the league cup final at wembley . before the 1987 - 88 season , dalglish signed two new players :		who did he sign ?		who did kenny dalglish sign before the 1987 - 88 season ?
kenny dalglish		liverpool		when did dalglish play with liverpool ?		after the heysel stadium disaster in 1985 and joe fagan 's subsequent resignation as manager , dalglish became player - manager of liverpool .		how did the team do in under dalglish ?		in his first season in charge in 1985 - 86 , he guided the club to its first " double " . liverpool achieved this by winning the league championship by two points over everton		did he come back for the 86 - 87 team ?		the 1986 - 87 season was trophyless for liverpool . they lost 2 - 1 to arsenal in the league cup final at wembley . before the 1987 - 88 season , dalglish signed two new players :		who did he sign ?		striker peter beardsley from newcastle and winger john barnes from watford . he had already purchased goalscorer john aldridge from oxford united		did the team play well with the new players ?		did the liverpool play well with peter beardsley and john barnes ?
kenny dalglish		liverpool		when did dalglish play with liverpool ?		after the heysel stadium disaster in 1985 and joe fagan 's subsequent resignation as manager , dalglish became player - manager of liverpool .		how did the team do in under dalglish ?		in his first season in charge in 1985 - 86 , he guided the club to its first " double " . liverpool achieved this by winning the league championship by two points over everton		did he come back for the 86 - 87 team ?		the 1986 - 87 season was trophyless for liverpool . they lost 2 - 1 to arsenal in the league cup final at wembley . before the 1987 - 88 season , dalglish signed two new players :		who did he sign ?		striker peter beardsley from newcastle and winger john barnes from watford . he had already purchased goalscorer john aldridge from oxford united		did the team play well with the new players ?		the new - look liverpool side shaped by dalglish topped the league for almost the entire season , and had a run of 37 matches unbeaten in all competitions		did they win the championship ?		did liverpool win the championship in the 1987 - 88 season ?
kenny dalglish		liverpool		when did dalglish play with liverpool ?		after the heysel stadium disaster in 1985 and joe fagan 's subsequent resignation as manager , dalglish became player - manager of liverpool .		how did the team do in under dalglish ?		in his first season in charge in 1985 - 86 , he guided the club to its first " double " . liverpool achieved this by winning the league championship by two points over everton		did he come back for the 86 - 87 team ?		the 1986 - 87 season was trophyless for liverpool . they lost 2 - 1 to arsenal in the league cup final at wembley . before the 1987 - 88 season , dalglish signed two new players :		who did he sign ?		striker peter beardsley from newcastle and winger john barnes from watford . he had already purchased goalscorer john aldridge from oxford united		did the team play well with the new players ?		the new - look liverpool side shaped by dalglish topped the league for almost the entire season , and had a run of 37 matches unbeaten in all competitions		did they win the championship ?		february 1988 , when they lost to everton in the league . liverpool were crowned champions with four games left to play , having suffered just two defeats from 40 games .		did he return for the 88 - 89 season ?		did kenny dalglish return for the 88 - 89 season ?
kenny dalglish		liverpool		when did dalglish play with liverpool ?		after the heysel stadium disaster in 1985 and joe fagan 's subsequent resignation as manager , dalglish became player - manager of liverpool .		how did the team do in under dalglish ?		in his first season in charge in 1985 - 86 , he guided the club to its first " double " . liverpool achieved this by winning the league championship by two points over everton		did he come back for the 86 - 87 team ?		the 1986 - 87 season was trophyless for liverpool . they lost 2 - 1 to arsenal in the league cup final at wembley . before the 1987 - 88 season , dalglish signed two new players :		who did he sign ?		striker peter beardsley from newcastle and winger john barnes from watford . he had already purchased goalscorer john aldridge from oxford united		did the team play well with the new players ?		the new - look liverpool side shaped by dalglish topped the league for almost the entire season , and had a run of 37 matches unbeaten in all competitions		did they win the championship ?		february 1988 , when they lost to everton in the league . liverpool were crowned champions with four games left to play , having suffered just two defeats from 40 games .		did he return for the 88 - 89 season ?		in the summer of 1988 , dalglish re - signed ian rush . liverpool beat everton 3 - 2 after extra time in the second all - merseyside fa cup final in 1989 ,		did they sign new players before the season ?		did liverpool sign new players before the 88 - 89 season ?
kenny dalglish		liverpool		when did dalglish play with liverpool ?		after the heysel stadium disaster in 1985 and joe fagan 's subsequent resignation as manager , dalglish became player - manager of liverpool .		how did the team do in under dalglish ?		in his first season in charge in 1985 - 86 , he guided the club to its first " double " . liverpool achieved this by winning the league championship by two points over everton		did he come back for the 86 - 87 team ?		the 1986 - 87 season was trophyless for liverpool . they lost 2 - 1 to arsenal in the league cup final at wembley . before the 1987 - 88 season , dalglish signed two new players :		who did he sign ?		striker peter beardsley from newcastle and winger john barnes from watford . he had already purchased goalscorer john aldridge from oxford united		did the team play well with the new players ?		the new - look liverpool side shaped by dalglish topped the league for almost the entire season , and had a run of 37 matches unbeaten in all competitions		did they win the championship ?		february 1988 , when they lost to everton in the league . liverpool were crowned champions with four games left to play , having suffered just two defeats from 40 games .		did he return for the 88 - 89 season ?		in the summer of 1988 , dalglish re - signed ian rush . liverpool beat everton 3 - 2 after extra time in the second all - merseyside fa cup final in 1989 ,		did they sign new players before the season ?		i do n't know .		were there any other highlights ?		other than the 1987 - 88 season and the 88 - 89 season , were there any other highlights for kenny dalglish ?
kenny dalglish		liverpool		when did dalglish play with liverpool ?		after the heysel stadium disaster in 1985 and joe fagan 's subsequent resignation as manager , dalglish became player - manager of liverpool .		how did the team do in under dalglish ?		in his first season in charge in 1985 - 86 , he guided the club to its first " double " . liverpool achieved this by winning the league championship by two points over everton		did he come back for the 86 - 87 team ?		the 1986 - 87 season was trophyless for liverpool . they lost 2 - 1 to arsenal in the league cup final at wembley . before the 1987 - 88 season , dalglish signed two new players :		who did he sign ?		striker peter beardsley from newcastle and winger john barnes from watford . he had already purchased goalscorer john aldridge from oxford united		did the team play well with the new players ?		the new - look liverpool side shaped by dalglish topped the league for almost the entire season , and had a run of 37 matches unbeaten in all competitions		did they win the championship ?		february 1988 , when they lost to everton in the league . liverpool were crowned champions with four games left to play , having suffered just two defeats from 40 games .		did he return for the 88 - 89 season ?		in the summer of 1988 , dalglish re - signed ian rush . liverpool beat everton 3 - 2 after extra time in the second all - merseyside fa cup final in 1989 ,		did they sign new players before the season ?		i do n't know .		were there any other highlights ?		at the end of the season dalglish received his third manager of the year award . dalglish resigned as manager of liverpool on 22 february 1991 ,		what did he do after he resigned ?		what did kenny dalglish do after he resigned with liverpool in 1991 ?
robin cook		foreign secretary		when did robin become foreign secretary ?		when did robin cook become foreign secretary ?
robin cook		foreign secretary		when did robin become foreign secretary ?		1997 general election , cook became foreign secretary .		what did he do as foreign secretary ?		what did robin cook do as foreign secretary ?
robin cook		foreign secretary		when did robin become foreign secretary ?		1997 general election , cook became foreign secretary .		what did he do as foreign secretary ?		he was believed to have coveted the job of chancellor of the exchequer ,		did he help in any changes while in his position ?		did robin cook help in any changes while in his position as foreign secretary ?
robin cook		foreign secretary		when did robin become foreign secretary ?		1997 general election , cook became foreign secretary .		what did he do as foreign secretary ?		he was believed to have coveted the job of chancellor of the exchequer ,		did he help in any changes while in his position ?		he announced , to much scepticism , his intention to add " an ethical dimension " to foreign policy .		was he successful in doing so ?		was robin cook successful in helping in any changes while in his position as foreign secretary ?
robin cook		foreign secretary		when did robin become foreign secretary ?		1997 general election , cook became foreign secretary .		what did he do as foreign secretary ?		he was believed to have coveted the job of chancellor of the exchequer ,		did he help in any changes while in his position ?		he announced , to much scepticism , his intention to add " an ethical dimension " to foreign policy .		was he successful in doing so ?		credited with having helped resolve the eight - year impasse over the pan am flight 103 bombing		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to the helping resolving the impadsse with the pan am flight 103 bombing are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
arvydas sabonis		soviet national team		when did he join the team ?		when did arvydas sabonis join the soviet national team ?
arvydas sabonis		soviet national team		when did he join the team ?		in 1982 , sabonis was one of the players in the senior soviet union national team that toured the united states ,		how did he join the team ?		how did arvydas sabonis join the soviet national team ?
arvydas sabonis		soviet national team		when did he join the team ?		in 1982 , sabonis was one of the players in the senior soviet union national team that toured the united states ,		how did he join the team ?		i do n't know .		how long was he on the team ?		how long was arvydas sabonis on the soviet national team ?
arvydas sabonis		soviet national team		when did he join the team ?		in 1982 , sabonis was one of the players in the senior soviet union national team that toured the united states ,		how did he join the team ?		i do n't know .		how long was he on the team ?		eventually , sabonis would develop chronic knee , ankle and groin issues , that substantially limited his mobility and explosiveness , by the mid-1990s .		did he win awards during his career ?		did arvydas sabonis win awards during his career ?
arvydas sabonis		soviet national team		when did he join the team ?		in 1982 , sabonis was one of the players in the senior soviet union national team that toured the united states ,		how did he join the team ?		i do n't know .		how long was he on the team ?		eventually , sabonis would develop chronic knee , ankle and groin issues , that substantially limited his mobility and explosiveness , by the mid-1990s .		did he win awards during his career ?		the 1982 fiba world championship ( gold medal ) , the 1983 eurobasket ( bronze medal ) ,		did he ever play with any famous people ?		did arvydas sabonis ever play with any famous people ?
arvydas sabonis		personal life		is he married ?		is arvydas sabonis married ?
arvydas sabonis		personal life		is he married ?		sabonis is married to ingrida mikelionyte ,		do they have children ?		do sabonis and mikelionyte have children ?
arvydas sabonis		personal life		is he married ?		sabonis is married to ingrida mikelionyte ,		do they have children ?		they have a daughter named ausrine , and three sons : zygimantas , tautvydas , and domantas -		does he have any hobbies ?		does sabonis have any hobbies ?
arvydas sabonis		personal life		is he married ?		sabonis is married to ingrida mikelionyte ,		do they have children ?		they have a daughter named ausrine , and three sons : zygimantas , tautvydas , and domantas -		does he have any hobbies ?		i do n't know .		anything else i should know about him ?		along with sabonis personal life , is there anything else i should know about him ?
arvydas sabonis		personal life		is he married ?		sabonis is married to ingrida mikelionyte ,		do they have children ?		they have a daughter named ausrine , and three sons : zygimantas , tautvydas , and domantas -		does he have any hobbies ?		i do n't know .		anything else i should know about him ?		in september 2011 , sabonis suffered a heart attack , while playing basketball in lithuania .		did he recover ?		did sabonis recover ?
revolver ( beatles album )		background		what was revolvers background ?		what was the beatles album revolver 's background ?
revolver ( beatles album )		background		what was revolvers background ?		in december 1965 , the beatles ' rubber soul album was released to wide critical acclaim .		how did the album do ?		how did the beatles album revolver do ?
revolver ( beatles album )		background		what was revolvers background ?		in december 1965 , the beatles ' rubber soul album was released to wide critical acclaim .		how did the album do ?		the limits of pop music " had been raised into the stratosphere " by the release ,		what was the albums best award ?		what was the beatles album revolver 's best award ?
revolver ( beatles album )		background		what was revolvers background ?		in december 1965 , the beatles ' rubber soul album was released to wide critical acclaim .		how did the album do ?		the limits of pop music " had been raised into the stratosphere " by the release ,		what was the albums best award ?		i do n't know .		what is the most important fact stated in this article ?		what is the most important fact stated in this article about the beatles album revolver ?
revolver ( beatles album )		background		what was revolvers background ?		in december 1965 , the beatles ' rubber soul album was released to wide critical acclaim .		how did the album do ?		the limits of pop music " had been raised into the stratosphere " by the release ,		what was the albums best award ?		i do n't know .		what is the most important fact stated in this article ?		music journalist carol clerk describes revolver as having been " decisively informed by acid " , following john lennon and george harrison 's continued experimentation with the drug lsd		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article about the beatles album revolver other than music journalist carol clerk 's description of the album as having been " decisively informed by acid " , following john lennon and george harrison 's continued experimentation with the drug lsd ?
revolver ( beatles album )		background		what was revolvers background ?		in december 1965 , the beatles ' rubber soul album was released to wide critical acclaim .		how did the album do ?		the limits of pop music " had been raised into the stratosphere " by the release ,		what was the albums best award ?		i do n't know .		what is the most important fact stated in this article ?		music journalist carol clerk describes revolver as having been " decisively informed by acid " , following john lennon and george harrison 's continued experimentation with the drug lsd		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		despite his bandmates ' urging , after ringo starr had also partaken of the drug , paul mccartney refused to try lsd .		why did he refuse ?		why did paul mccartney refuse to try lsd despite his bandmates ' urging , after ringo starr had also partaken of the drug ?
revolver ( beatles album )		background		what was revolvers background ?		in december 1965 , the beatles ' rubber soul album was released to wide critical acclaim .		how did the album do ?		the limits of pop music " had been raised into the stratosphere " by the release ,		what was the albums best award ?		i do n't know .		what is the most important fact stated in this article ?		music journalist carol clerk describes revolver as having been " decisively informed by acid " , following john lennon and george harrison 's continued experimentation with the drug lsd		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		despite his bandmates ' urging , after ringo starr had also partaken of the drug , paul mccartney refused to try lsd .		why did he refuse ?		i do n't know .		what did he do after refusing ?		what did paul mccartney do after refusing to try lsd ?
hank snow		hard work in hard times		did hank fall on hard times ?		did hank snow fall on hard times ?
hank snow		hard work in hard times		did hank fall on hard times ?		in march 1933 , snow wrote to halifax radio station chns asking for an audition . the rejection letter he received		why was he rejected ?		why was hank snow rejected from halifax radio station chns ?
hank snow		hard work in hard times		did hank fall on hard times ?		in march 1933 , snow wrote to halifax radio station chns asking for an audition . the rejection letter he received		why was he rejected ?		i do n't know .		what other obstacles did he face ?		aside from the rejection , what other obstacles did hank snow face ?
hank snow		hard work in hard times		did hank fall on hard times ?		in march 1933 , snow wrote to halifax radio station chns asking for an audition . the rejection letter he received		why was he rejected ?		i do n't know .		what other obstacles did he face ?		since snow 's saturday show had no sponsor , he was n't paid for his performances ,		what did he do after being rejected ?		what did hank snow do after being rejected by halifax radio station chns ?
hank snow		hard work in hard times		did hank fall on hard times ?		in march 1933 , snow wrote to halifax radio station chns asking for an audition . the rejection letter he received		why was he rejected ?		i do n't know .		what other obstacles did he face ?		since snow 's saturday show had no sponsor , he was n't paid for his performances ,		what did he do after being rejected ?		later that year he visited the station , was given an audition and hired to do a saturday evening show that was advertised as " clarence snow and his guitar .		was the show popular ?		was the show " clarence snow and his guitar " popular ?
hank snow		hard work in hard times		did hank fall on hard times ?		in march 1933 , snow wrote to halifax radio station chns asking for an audition . the rejection letter he received		why was he rejected ?		i do n't know .		what other obstacles did he face ?		since snow 's saturday show had no sponsor , he was n't paid for his performances ,		what did he do after being rejected ?		later that year he visited the station , was given an audition and hired to do a saturday evening show that was advertised as " clarence snow and his guitar .		was the show popular ?		i do n't know .		did he leave the show ?		did hank snow leave the show " clarence snow and his guitar ?
judy chicago		a new kind of collaboration and the holocaust project		what was the holocaust project ?		what was the holocaust project ?
judy chicago		a new kind of collaboration and the holocaust project		what was the holocaust project ?		a collaboration with her husband , photographer donald woodman , whom she married on new year 's eve 1985 .		what was it all about ?		what was the holocaust project about ?
judy chicago		a new kind of collaboration and the holocaust project		what was the holocaust project ?		a collaboration with her husband , photographer donald woodman , whom she married on new year 's eve 1985 .		what was it all about ?		the piece , which documents victims of the holocaust , was created during a time of personal loss in chicago 's life :		did she receive any recognition for this work ?		did judy chicago receive any recognition for the holocaust project ?
judy chicago		a new kind of collaboration and the holocaust project		what was the holocaust project ?		a collaboration with her husband , photographer donald woodman , whom she married on new year 's eve 1985 .		what was it all about ?		the piece , which documents victims of the holocaust , was created during a time of personal loss in chicago 's life :		did she receive any recognition for this work ?		most of the work from the piece is held at the holocaust center in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .		how did her husband help ?		how judy chicago 's husband help with the holocaust project ?
judy chicago		a new kind of collaboration and the holocaust project		what was the holocaust project ?		a collaboration with her husband , photographer donald woodman , whom she married on new year 's eve 1985 .		what was it all about ?		the piece , which documents victims of the holocaust , was created during a time of personal loss in chicago 's life :		did she receive any recognition for this work ?		most of the work from the piece is held at the holocaust center in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .		how did her husband help ?		chicago worked alongside her husband to complete the piece , which took eight years to finish .		how many victims were included ?		how many victims were included in the holocaust project ?
leonardo da vinci		personal life		did he have a family ?		did leonardo da vinci have a family ?
leonardo da vinci		personal life		did he have a family ?		leonardo appears to have had no close relationships with women except for his friendship with cecilia gallerani and the two este sisters , beatrice and isabella .		tell me about his personal life .		tell me about leonardo da vinci 's personal life .
leonardo da vinci		personal life		did he have a family ?		leonardo appears to have had no close relationships with women except for his friendship with cecilia gallerani and the two este sisters , beatrice and isabella .		tell me about his personal life .		inform leonardo 's brothers of his death , described leonardo 's feelings for his pupils as both loving and passionate .		who were his pupils ?		who were leonardo da vinci 's pupils ?
leonardo da vinci		personal life		did he have a family ?		leonardo appears to have had no close relationships with women except for his friendship with cecilia gallerani and the two este sisters , beatrice and isabella .		tell me about his personal life .		inform leonardo 's brothers of his death , described leonardo 's feelings for his pupils as both loving and passionate .		who were his pupils ?		intimate relationships were perhaps with his pupils salai and melzi . melzi ,		was he close to his pupils ?		was leonardo da vinci close to his pupils ?
leonardo da vinci		personal life		did he have a family ?		leonardo appears to have had no close relationships with women except for his friendship with cecilia gallerani and the two este sisters , beatrice and isabella .		tell me about his personal life .		inform leonardo 's brothers of his death , described leonardo 's feelings for his pupils as both loving and passionate .		who were his pupils ?		intimate relationships were perhaps with his pupils salai and melzi . melzi ,		was he close to his pupils ?		leonardo 's most intimate relationships		was he close with anyone else ?		aside from his pupils , was leonardo da vinci close with anyone else ?
leonardo da vinci		personal life		did he have a family ?		leonardo appears to have had no close relationships with women except for his friendship with cecilia gallerani and the two este sisters , beatrice and isabella .		tell me about his personal life .		inform leonardo 's brothers of his death , described leonardo 's feelings for his pupils as both loving and passionate .		who were his pupils ?		intimate relationships were perhaps with his pupils salai and melzi . melzi ,		was he close to his pupils ?		leonardo 's most intimate relationships		was he close with anyone else ?		leonardo 's brothers		what was his personality like ?		what was leonardo da vinci 's personality like ?
leonardo da vinci		personal life		did he have a family ?		leonardo appears to have had no close relationships with women except for his friendship with cecilia gallerani and the two este sisters , beatrice and isabella .		tell me about his personal life .		inform leonardo 's brothers of his death , described leonardo 's feelings for his pupils as both loving and passionate .		who were his pupils ?		intimate relationships were perhaps with his pupils salai and melzi . melzi ,		was he close to his pupils ?		leonardo 's most intimate relationships		was he close with anyone else ?		leonardo 's brothers		what was his personality like ?		his extraordinary powers of invention , his " outstanding physical beauty " , " infinite grace " , " great strength and generosity		did he have friends ?		did leonardo da vinci have friends ?
leonardo da vinci		personal life		did he have a family ?		leonardo appears to have had no close relationships with women except for his friendship with cecilia gallerani and the two este sisters , beatrice and isabella .		tell me about his personal life .		inform leonardo 's brothers of his death , described leonardo 's feelings for his pupils as both loving and passionate .		who were his pupils ?		intimate relationships were perhaps with his pupils salai and melzi . melzi ,		was he close to his pupils ?		leonardo 's most intimate relationships		was he close with anyone else ?		leonardo 's brothers		what was his personality like ?		his extraordinary powers of invention , his " outstanding physical beauty " , " infinite grace " , " great strength and generosity		did he have friends ?		leonardo had many friends who are now renowned either in their fields or for their historical significance .		who were some of his closest friends ?		who were some of leonardo da vinci 's closest friends ?
leonardo da vinci		personal life		did he have a family ?		leonardo appears to have had no close relationships with women except for his friendship with cecilia gallerani and the two este sisters , beatrice and isabella .		tell me about his personal life .		inform leonardo 's brothers of his death , described leonardo 's feelings for his pupils as both loving and passionate .		who were his pupils ?		intimate relationships were perhaps with his pupils salai and melzi . melzi ,		was he close to his pupils ?		leonardo 's most intimate relationships		was he close with anyone else ?		leonardo 's brothers		what was his personality like ?		his extraordinary powers of invention , his " outstanding physical beauty " , " infinite grace " , " great strength and generosity		did he have friends ?		leonardo had many friends who are now renowned either in their fields or for their historical significance .		who were some of his closest friends ?		they included the mathematician luca pacioli ,		did he have any hobbies ?		did leonardo da vinci have any hobbies ?
leonardo da vinci		personal life		did he have a family ?		leonardo appears to have had no close relationships with women except for his friendship with cecilia gallerani and the two este sisters , beatrice and isabella .		tell me about his personal life .		inform leonardo 's brothers of his death , described leonardo 's feelings for his pupils as both loving and passionate .		who were his pupils ?		intimate relationships were perhaps with his pupils salai and melzi . melzi ,		was he close to his pupils ?		leonardo 's most intimate relationships		was he close with anyone else ?		leonardo 's brothers		what was his personality like ?		his extraordinary powers of invention , his " outstanding physical beauty " , " infinite grace " , " great strength and generosity		did he have friends ?		leonardo had many friends who are now renowned either in their fields or for their historical significance .		who were some of his closest friends ?		they included the mathematician luca pacioli ,		did he have any hobbies ?		vasari , of purchasing caged birds and releasing them .		what kind of birds ?		what kind of birds did leonardo da vinci purchase and release ?
mark felt		early fbi years		when did mark start at the fbi		when did mark start at the fbi
mark felt		early fbi years		when did mark start at the fbi		after completing sixteen weeks of training at the fbi academy at quantico , virginia , and fbi headquarters in washington , dc . ,		what was his early career ?		what was felt 's early career ?
mark felt		early fbi years		when did mark start at the fbi		after completing sixteen weeks of training at the fbi academy at quantico , virginia , and fbi headquarters in washington , dc . ,		what was his early career ?		felt was assigned to texas , working in the field offices in houston and san antonio ,		when did felt end up with in washington		when did felt end up with in washington
mark felt		early fbi years		when did mark start at the fbi		after completing sixteen weeks of training at the fbi academy at quantico , virginia , and fbi headquarters in washington , dc . ,		what was his early career ?		felt was assigned to texas , working in the field offices in houston and san antonio ,		when did felt end up with in washington		after the war , felt was assigned to field offices , first to seattle , washington .		did felt work for nixon		did felt work for nixon
mark felt		contact with woodward		who is woodward ?		who is woodward ?
mark felt		contact with woodward		who is woodward ?		when woodward started working at the washington post ,		how did mark felt contact woodward ?		how did mark felt contact woodward ?
mark felt		contact with woodward		who is woodward ?		when woodward started working at the washington post ,		how did mark felt contact woodward ?		when the watergate story broke , woodward called on felt .		what was the watergate story ?		what was the watergate story ?
mark felt		contact with woodward		who is woodward ?		when woodward started working at the washington post ,		how did mark felt contact woodward ?		when the watergate story broke , woodward called on felt .		what was the watergate story ?		i do n't know .		what kind of relationship d		what kind of relationship d
kasabian		velociraptor ! ( 2011 - 12 )		what were some songs on the velociraptor album ?		what were some songs on kasabian 's velociraptor album ?
kasabian		velociraptor ! ( 2011 - 12 )		what were some songs on the velociraptor album ?		one track , titled " green fairy " , which featured on the london boulevard soundtrack , is present on the record under the name " la fee verte " ,		did they have any successful songs on their album ?		did kasabian have any successful songs on their album , velociraptor ?
kasabian		velociraptor ! ( 2011 - 12 )		what were some songs on the velociraptor album ?		one track , titled " green fairy " , which featured on the london boulevard soundtrack , is present on the record under the name " la fee verte " ,		did they have any successful songs on their album ?		" switchblade smiles " , the first song to be heard from velociraptor ! , was exclusively played on uk radio		what other popular songs did they release ?		aside from " switchblade smiles " from the velociraptor album , what other popular songs did kasabian release ?
kasabian		velociraptor ! ( 2011 - 12 )		what were some songs on the velociraptor album ?		one track , titled " green fairy " , which featured on the london boulevard soundtrack , is present on the record under the name " la fee verte " ,		did they have any successful songs on their album ?		" switchblade smiles " , the first song to be heard from velociraptor ! , was exclusively played on uk radio		what other popular songs did they release ?		a track from the album " days are forgotten " was due for radio release on 22 july 2011 .		was the album popular with critics and/or fans ?		was kasabian 's album velociraptor popular with critics and/or fans ?
kasabian		velociraptor ! ( 2011 - 12 )		what were some songs on the velociraptor album ?		one track , titled " green fairy " , which featured on the london boulevard soundtrack , is present on the record under the name " la fee verte " ,		did they have any successful songs on their album ?		" switchblade smiles " , the first song to be heard from velociraptor ! , was exclusively played on uk radio		what other popular songs did they release ?		a track from the album " days are forgotten " was due for radio release on 22 july 2011 .		was the album popular with critics and/or fans ?		the album failed to crack the billboard top 200 chart upon its first week of release in the united states .		did they perform anywhere ?		did kasabian perform anywhere ?
kasabian		velociraptor ! ( 2011 - 12 )		what were some songs on the velociraptor album ?		one track , titled " green fairy " , which featured on the london boulevard soundtrack , is present on the record under the name " la fee verte " ,		did they have any successful songs on their album ?		" switchblade smiles " , the first song to be heard from velociraptor ! , was exclusively played on uk radio		what other popular songs did they release ?		a track from the album " days are forgotten " was due for radio release on 22 july 2011 .		was the album popular with critics and/or fans ?		the album failed to crack the billboard top 200 chart upon its first week of release in the united states .		did they perform anywhere ?		in june 2011 , kasabian closed the isle of wight festival .		did they perform elsewhere in england or europe ?		did kasabian perform elsewhere in england or europe ?
kasabian		velociraptor ! ( 2011 - 12 )		what were some songs on the velociraptor album ?		one track , titled " green fairy " , which featured on the london boulevard soundtrack , is present on the record under the name " la fee verte " ,		did they have any successful songs on their album ?		" switchblade smiles " , the first song to be heard from velociraptor ! , was exclusively played on uk radio		what other popular songs did they release ?		a track from the album " days are forgotten " was due for radio release on 22 july 2011 .		was the album popular with critics and/or fans ?		the album failed to crack the billboard top 200 chart upon its first week of release in the united states .		did they perform anywhere ?		in june 2011 , kasabian closed the isle of wight festival .		did they perform elsewhere in england or europe ?		on 8 july 2012 , the band headlined the uk festival t in the park .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from kasabian 's velociraptor album , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
kasabian		velociraptor ! ( 2011 - 12 )		what were some songs on the velociraptor album ?		one track , titled " green fairy " , which featured on the london boulevard soundtrack , is present on the record under the name " la fee verte " ,		did they have any successful songs on their album ?		" switchblade smiles " , the first song to be heard from velociraptor ! , was exclusively played on uk radio		what other popular songs did they release ?		a track from the album " days are forgotten " was due for radio release on 22 july 2011 .		was the album popular with critics and/or fans ?		the album failed to crack the billboard top 200 chart upon its first week of release in the united states .		did they perform anywhere ?		in june 2011 , kasabian closed the isle of wight festival .		did they perform elsewhere in england or europe ?		on 8 july 2012 , the band headlined the uk festival t in the park .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		kasabian also headlined the reading and leeds festivals on 24 and 25 august 2012 .		did anything unusually significant happen during any of their performances ?		did anything unusually significant happen during any of kasabian 's performances ?
jos limn		early career		what was his first job mentioned here ?		what was limn 's first job mentioned here ?
jos limn		early career		what was his first job mentioned here ?		in 1930 , limon first performed on broadway , and later that same year he choreographed his first dance , " etude in d minor " ,		was etude in d minor used in a broadway show ?		was etude in d minor used in a broadway show ?
jos limn		early career		what was his first job mentioned here ?		in 1930 , limon first performed on broadway , and later that same year he choreographed his first dance , " etude in d minor " ,		was etude in d minor used in a broadway show ?		" , a duet with letitia ide .		did this lead to another choreographing job ?		did etude in d minor lead to another choreographing job ?
jos limn		early career		what was his first job mentioned here ?		in 1930 , limon first performed on broadway , and later that same year he choreographed his first dance , " etude in d minor " ,		was etude in d minor used in a broadway show ?		" , a duet with letitia ide .		did this lead to another choreographing job ?		" . from 1932 to 1933 , limon made two more broadway appearances , in the musical revue americana and in irving berlin 's as thousands cheer ,		did he achieve some notice in those roles ?		did limn achieve some notice in two more broadway appearances ?
jos limn		early career		what was his first job mentioned here ?		in 1930 , limon first performed on broadway , and later that same year he choreographed his first dance , " etude in d minor " ,		was etude in d minor used in a broadway show ?		" , a duet with letitia ide .		did this lead to another choreographing job ?		" . from 1932 to 1933 , limon made two more broadway appearances , in the musical revue americana and in irving berlin 's as thousands cheer ,		did he achieve some notice in those roles ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from hir broadway appearance are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
jos limn		early career		what was his first job mentioned here ?		in 1930 , limon first performed on broadway , and later that same year he choreographed his first dance , " etude in d minor " ,		was etude in d minor used in a broadway show ?		" , a duet with letitia ide .		did this lead to another choreographing job ?		" . from 1932 to 1933 , limon made two more broadway appearances , in the musical revue americana and in irving berlin 's as thousands cheer ,		did he achieve some notice in those roles ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1937 , limon was selected as one of the first bennington fellows .		what did he do as a bennington fellow ?		what did limon do as a bennington fellow ?
jos limn		early career		what was his first job mentioned here ?		in 1930 , limon first performed on broadway , and later that same year he choreographed his first dance , " etude in d minor " ,		was etude in d minor used in a broadway show ?		" , a duet with letitia ide .		did this lead to another choreographing job ?		" . from 1932 to 1933 , limon made two more broadway appearances , in the musical revue americana and in irving berlin 's as thousands cheer ,		did he achieve some notice in those roles ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1937 , limon was selected as one of the first bennington fellows .		what did he do as a bennington fellow ?		at the bennington festival at mills college in 1939 , limon created his first major choreographic work ,		what was that work ?		what was danzas mexicanas ?
jos limn		early career		what was his first job mentioned here ?		in 1930 , limon first performed on broadway , and later that same year he choreographed his first dance , " etude in d minor " ,		was etude in d minor used in a broadway show ?		" , a duet with letitia ide .		did this lead to another choreographing job ?		" . from 1932 to 1933 , limon made two more broadway appearances , in the musical revue americana and in irving berlin 's as thousands cheer ,		did he achieve some notice in those roles ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1937 , limon was selected as one of the first bennington fellows .		what did he do as a bennington fellow ?		at the bennington festival at mills college in 1939 , limon created his first major choreographic work ,		what was that work ?		titled danzas mexicanas . after five years , however , limon would return to broadway to star as a featured dancer		what play was he in when he returned to broadway ?		what play was limon in when he returned to broadway ?
the black eyed peas		2015-present : 20th anniversary , new projects		did they record a new album in 2015 ?		did the black eyed peas record a new album in 2015 ?
the black eyed peas		2015-present : 20th anniversary , new projects		did they record a new album in 2015 ?		black eyed peas would start recording sessions for their seventh studio album in 2015 .		have they toured during this time period ?		have the black eyed peas toured during 2015 ?
the black eyed peas		2015-present : 20th anniversary , new projects		did they record a new album in 2015 ?		black eyed peas would start recording sessions for their seventh studio album in 2015 .		have they toured during this time period ?		i do n't know .		are all the original members still in the band ?		are all the original members still in the band ?
the black eyed peas		2015-present : 20th anniversary , new projects		did they record a new album in 2015 ?		black eyed peas would start recording sessions for their seventh studio album in 2015 .		have they toured during this time period ?		i do n't know .		are all the original members still in the band ?		on february 18 , 2018 , will.i.am confirmed fergie 's departure from the band , in an interview with the daily star .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides will.i.am confirming fergie 's departure from the black eyed peas are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
the black eyed peas		2015-present : 20th anniversary , new projects		did they record a new album in 2015 ?		black eyed peas would start recording sessions for their seventh studio album in 2015 .		have they toured during this time period ?		i do n't know .		are all the original members still in the band ?		on february 18 , 2018 , will.i.am confirmed fergie 's departure from the band , in an interview with the daily star .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the performance , which included a pyrotechnic display , ran over time and forced the kick - off to be delayed by several minutes .		did they do a special event for their 20th anniversary ?		did the black eyed peas do a special event for their 20th anniversary ?
the black eyed peas		2015-present : 20th anniversary , new projects		did they record a new album in 2015 ?		black eyed peas would start recording sessions for their seventh studio album in 2015 .		have they toured during this time period ?		i do n't know .		are all the original members still in the band ?		on february 18 , 2018 , will.i.am confirmed fergie 's departure from the band , in an interview with the daily star .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the performance , which included a pyrotechnic display , ran over time and forced the kick - off to be delayed by several minutes .		did they do a special event for their 20th anniversary ?		on the 20th anniversary of their debut , the peas premiered a new song titled " yesterday " through apple music ,		has yesterday become a hit song ?		has yesterday become a hit song ?
the black eyed peas		2015-present : 20th anniversary , new projects		did they record a new album in 2015 ?		black eyed peas would start recording sessions for their seventh studio album in 2015 .		have they toured during this time period ?		i do n't know .		are all the original members still in the band ?		on february 18 , 2018 , will.i.am confirmed fergie 's departure from the band , in an interview with the daily star .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the performance , which included a pyrotechnic display , ran over time and forced the kick - off to be delayed by several minutes .		did they do a special event for their 20th anniversary ?		on the 20th anniversary of their debut , the peas premiered a new song titled " yesterday " through apple music ,		has yesterday become a hit song ?		i do n't know .		is fergie still performing on her own ?		is fergie still performing on her own ?
the black eyed peas		2015-present : 20th anniversary , new projects		did they record a new album in 2015 ?		black eyed peas would start recording sessions for their seventh studio album in 2015 .		have they toured during this time period ?		i do n't know .		are all the original members still in the band ?		on february 18 , 2018 , will.i.am confirmed fergie 's departure from the band , in an interview with the daily star .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the performance , which included a pyrotechnic display , ran over time and forced the kick - off to be delayed by several minutes .		did they do a special event for their 20th anniversary ?		on the 20th anniversary of their debut , the peas premiered a new song titled " yesterday " through apple music ,		has yesterday become a hit song ?		i do n't know .		is fergie still performing on her own ?		i do n't know .		have they recorded any songs without fergie ?		have the black eyed peas recorded any songs without fergie ?
the black eyed peas		2015-present : 20th anniversary , new projects		did they record a new album in 2015 ?		black eyed peas would start recording sessions for their seventh studio album in 2015 .		have they toured during this time period ?		i do n't know .		are all the original members still in the band ?		on february 18 , 2018 , will.i.am confirmed fergie 's departure from the band , in an interview with the daily star .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the performance , which included a pyrotechnic display , ran over time and forced the kick - off to be delayed by several minutes .		did they do a special event for their 20th anniversary ?		on the 20th anniversary of their debut , the peas premiered a new song titled " yesterday " through apple music ,		has yesterday become a hit song ?		i do n't know .		is fergie still performing on her own ?		i do n't know .		have they recorded any songs without fergie ?		the song as well as the accompanying video feature many other popular artists and all four members of the group , will.i.am , fergie , apl.de.ap & taboo .		is the rest of the group angry that fergie went out on her own ?		is the rest of the black eyed peas angry that fergie went out on her own ?
frederick russell burnham		world war i		what did he do in wwi ?		what did frederick russell burnham do in wwi ?
frederick russell burnham		world war i		what did he do in wwi ?		burnham was one of the 18 officers selected by former u.s. president theodore roosevelt to raise a volunteer infantry division		how did he raise the division ?		how did frederick russell burnham raise the division ?
frederick russell burnham		world war i		what did he do in wwi ?		burnham was one of the 18 officers selected by former u.s. president theodore roosevelt to raise a volunteer infantry division		how did he raise the division ?		burnham was put in charge of both the general organization and recruitment .		what did the infantry division do ?		what did frederick russell burnham 's volunteer infantry division do ?
frederick russell burnham		world war i		what did he do in wwi ?		burnham was one of the 18 officers selected by former u.s. president theodore roosevelt to raise a volunteer infantry division		how did he raise the division ?		burnham was put in charge of both the general organization and recruitment .		what did the infantry division do ?		i do n't know .		what else did frederick do in wwi ?		what else did frederick russell burnham do in wwi , aside from raise a volunteer infantry division ?
frederick russell burnham		world war i		what did he do in wwi ?		burnham was one of the 18 officers selected by former u.s. president theodore roosevelt to raise a volunteer infantry division		how did he raise the division ?		burnham was put in charge of both the general organization and recruitment .		what did the infantry division do ?		i do n't know .		what else did frederick do in wwi ?		burnham and duquesne were each under orders to assassinate the other ,		why was this ?		why were burnham and duquesne were each under orders to assassinate each other ?
sandy koufax		1962 season		what was significant about 1962 ?		what was significant about 1962 ?
sandy koufax		1962 season		what was significant about 1962 ?		in 1962 , the dodgers moved from the los angeles coliseum ,		where did they move to ?		where did dodgers move to ?
sandy koufax		1962 season		what was significant about 1962 ?		in 1962 , the dodgers moved from the los angeles coliseum ,		where did they move to ?		to pitcher - friendly dodger stadium .		how was the stadium pitcher - friendly ?		how was the stadium pitcher - friendly ?
sandy koufax		1962 season		what was significant about 1962 ?		in 1962 , the dodgers moved from the los angeles coliseum ,		where did they move to ?		to pitcher - friendly dodger stadium .		how was the stadium pitcher - friendly ?		the new park had a large foul territory and a comparatively poor hitting background .		what was wrong with the hitting background ?		what was wrong with the hitting background ?
sandy koufax		1962 season		what was significant about 1962 ?		in 1962 , the dodgers moved from the los angeles coliseum ,		where did they move to ?		to pitcher - friendly dodger stadium .		how was the stadium pitcher - friendly ?		the new park had a large foul territory and a comparatively poor hitting background .		what was wrong with the hitting background ?		i do n't know .		how did moving stadiums affect the team ?		how did moving stadiums affect the dodgers ?
sandy koufax		1962 season		what was significant about 1962 ?		in 1962 , the dodgers moved from the los angeles coliseum ,		where did they move to ?		to pitcher - friendly dodger stadium .		how was the stadium pitcher - friendly ?		the new park had a large foul territory and a comparatively poor hitting background .		what was wrong with the hitting background ?		i do n't know .		how did moving stadiums affect the team ?		on june 30 against the expansion new york mets , koufax threw his first no - hitter .		did he continue his no hitter streak ?		did koufax continue his no hitter streak ?
sandy koufax		1962 season		what was significant about 1962 ?		in 1962 , the dodgers moved from the los angeles coliseum ,		where did they move to ?		to pitcher - friendly dodger stadium .		how was the stadium pitcher - friendly ?		the new park had a large foul territory and a comparatively poor hitting background .		what was wrong with the hitting background ?		i do n't know .		how did moving stadiums affect the team ?		on june 30 against the expansion new york mets , koufax threw his first no - hitter .		did he continue his no hitter streak ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides koufax throwing his first no hitter are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
sandy koufax		1962 season		what was significant about 1962 ?		in 1962 , the dodgers moved from the los angeles coliseum ,		where did they move to ?		to pitcher - friendly dodger stadium .		how was the stadium pitcher - friendly ?		the new park had a large foul territory and a comparatively poor hitting background .		what was wrong with the hitting background ?		i do n't know .		how did moving stadiums affect the team ?		on june 30 against the expansion new york mets , koufax threw his first no - hitter .		did he continue his no hitter streak ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		a numbness developed in koufax 's index finger on his left hand , and the finger became cold and white .		why did his finger become numb ?		why did koufax 's finger become numb ?
sandy koufax		1962 season		what was significant about 1962 ?		in 1962 , the dodgers moved from the los angeles coliseum ,		where did they move to ?		to pitcher - friendly dodger stadium .		how was the stadium pitcher - friendly ?		the new park had a large foul territory and a comparatively poor hitting background .		what was wrong with the hitting background ?		i do n't know .		how did moving stadiums affect the team ?		on june 30 against the expansion new york mets , koufax threw his first no - hitter .		did he continue his no hitter streak ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		a numbness developed in koufax 's index finger on his left hand , and the finger became cold and white .		why did his finger become numb ?		while batting in april , koufax had been jammed by a pitch from earl francis .		what was wrong with his finger ?		what was wrong with koufax 's finger ?
sandy koufax		1962 season		what was significant about 1962 ?		in 1962 , the dodgers moved from the los angeles coliseum ,		where did they move to ?		to pitcher - friendly dodger stadium .		how was the stadium pitcher - friendly ?		the new park had a large foul territory and a comparatively poor hitting background .		what was wrong with the hitting background ?		i do n't know .		how did moving stadiums affect the team ?		on june 30 against the expansion new york mets , koufax threw his first no - hitter .		did he continue his no hitter streak ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		a numbness developed in koufax 's index finger on his left hand , and the finger became cold and white .		why did his finger become numb ?		while batting in april , koufax had been jammed by a pitch from earl francis .		what was wrong with his finger ?		by july , though , his entire hand was becoming numb and he was unable to complete some games .		did he have to go through surgery or rehabilitation ?		did koufax 's have to go through surgery or rehabilitation ?
sandy koufax		1962 season		what was significant about 1962 ?		in 1962 , the dodgers moved from the los angeles coliseum ,		where did they move to ?		to pitcher - friendly dodger stadium .		how was the stadium pitcher - friendly ?		the new park had a large foul territory and a comparatively poor hitting background .		what was wrong with the hitting background ?		i do n't know .		how did moving stadiums affect the team ?		on june 30 against the expansion new york mets , koufax threw his first no - hitter .		did he continue his no hitter streak ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		a numbness developed in koufax 's index finger on his left hand , and the finger became cold and white .		why did his finger become numb ?		while batting in april , koufax had been jammed by a pitch from earl francis .		what was wrong with his finger ?		by july , though , his entire hand was becoming numb and he was unable to complete some games .		did he have to go through surgery or rehabilitation ?		a vascular specialist determined that koufax had a crushed artery in his palm .		how long did it take to fix ?		how long did koufax 's finger take to fix ?
jedediah smith		third rendezvous of 1827 and second trip to california , 1827 - 28		what did jedediah smith do in the third rendevous of 1827 ?		what did jedediah smith do in the third rendevous of 1827 ?
jedediah smith		third rendezvous of 1827 and second trip to california , 1827 - 28		what did jedediah smith do in the third rendevous of 1827 ?		as agreed , ashley had sent provisions for the rendezvous , and his men took back 7,400 pounds ( 3,400 kg ) of smith ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article besides that ashley had sent provisions for the rendezvous , and his men took back 7,400 pounds ( 3,400 kg ) of smith ?
jedediah smith		third rendezvous of 1827 and second trip to california , 1827 - 28		what did jedediah smith do in the third rendevous of 1827 ?		as agreed , ashley had sent provisions for the rendezvous , and his men took back 7,400 pounds ( 3,400 kg ) of smith ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		smith and the other survivors were again well received in san gabriel .		what was smith 's purpose in san gabriel ?		what was jedediah smith purpose in san gabriel ?
jedediah smith		third rendezvous of 1827 and second trip to california , 1827 - 28		what did jedediah smith do in the third rendevous of 1827 ?		as agreed , ashley had sent provisions for the rendezvous , and his men took back 7,400 pounds ( 3,400 kg ) of smith ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		smith and the other survivors were again well received in san gabriel .		what was smith 's purpose in san gabriel ?		the party moved north to meet with the group that had been left in the san joaquin valley , reuniting with them on september 19 , 1827 .		what did they do after september 19 , 1827 ?		what did jedediah smith do after the third rendezvous of september 19 , 1827 ?
jedediah smith		third rendezvous of 1827 and second trip to california , 1827 - 28		what did jedediah smith do in the third rendevous of 1827 ?		as agreed , ashley had sent provisions for the rendezvous , and his men took back 7,400 pounds ( 3,400 kg ) of smith ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		smith and the other survivors were again well received in san gabriel .		what was smith 's purpose in san gabriel ?		the party moved north to meet with the group that had been left in the san joaquin valley , reuniting with them on september 19 , 1827 .		what did they do after september 19 , 1827 ?		unlike in san gabriel , they were coolly received by the priests at mission san jose , who had already received warning of smith 's renewed presence in the area .		when did smith leave mission san jose ?		when did jedediah smith leave mission san jose ?
jedediah smith		third rendezvous of 1827 and second trip to california , 1827 - 28		what did jedediah smith do in the third rendevous of 1827 ?		as agreed , ashley had sent provisions for the rendezvous , and his men took back 7,400 pounds ( 3,400 kg ) of smith ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		smith and the other survivors were again well received in san gabriel .		what was smith 's purpose in san gabriel ?		the party moved north to meet with the group that had been left in the san joaquin valley , reuniting with them on september 19 , 1827 .		what did they do after september 19 , 1827 ?		unlike in san gabriel , they were coolly received by the priests at mission san jose , who had already received warning of smith 's renewed presence in the area .		when did smith leave mission san jose ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article , besides being coolly received by the priests at mission san jose ?
jedediah smith		third rendezvous of 1827 and second trip to california , 1827 - 28		what did jedediah smith do in the third rendevous of 1827 ?		as agreed , ashley had sent provisions for the rendezvous , and his men took back 7,400 pounds ( 3,400 kg ) of smith ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		smith and the other survivors were again well received in san gabriel .		what was smith 's purpose in san gabriel ?		the party moved north to meet with the group that had been left in the san joaquin valley , reuniting with them on september 19 , 1827 .		what did they do after september 19 , 1827 ?		unlike in san gabriel , they were coolly received by the priests at mission san jose , who had already received warning of smith 's renewed presence in the area .		when did smith leave mission san jose ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		also as before , smith and his party remained in california hunting in the sacramento valley for several months .		what did they discover in california ?		what did jedediah smith and his party discover in california ?
kareem abdul - jabbar		post - nba career		what does he do after basket ball		what does kareem abdul - jabbar do after basket ball ?
kareem abdul - jabbar		post - nba career		what does he do after basket ball		since 2005 , abdul - jabbar has served as a special assistant coach for the lakers .		did he win anything for them		did kareem abdul - jabbar win anything for the lakers ?
kareem abdul - jabbar		post - nba career		what does he do after basket ball		since 2005 , abdul - jabbar has served as a special assistant coach for the lakers .		did he win anything for them		i do n't know .		did he win anything as a basket baller		did kareem abdul - jabbar win anything as a basket baller ?
kareem abdul - jabbar		post - nba career		what does he do after basket ball		since 2005 , abdul - jabbar has served as a special assistant coach for the lakers .		did he win anything for them		i do n't know .		did he win anything as a basket baller		i do n't know .		what else did he do after nba		what else did kareem abdul - jabbar do after the nba other than working as a special assistant coach for the lakers ?
the angels ( australian band )		early 1970s		what were the angels doing in the 1970s ?		what were the angels doing in the 1970s ?
the angels ( australian band )		early 1970s		what were the angels doing in the 1970s ?		the folk band gigged at local university campuses and cafes .		who were the members of the band at that point ?		who were the members of the band , the angels in 1970s ?
the angels ( australian band )		early 1970s		what were the angels doing in the 1970s ?		the folk band gigged at local university campuses and cafes .		who were the members of the band at that point ?		john brewster on guitar , banjo , harp , backing vocals and washboard , and his brother rick		besides bewster , who else ?		besides bewster , who else was on the angels ?
the angels ( australian band )		early 1970s		what were the angels doing in the 1970s ?		the folk band gigged at local university campuses and cafes .		who were the members of the band at that point ?		john brewster on guitar , banjo , harp , backing vocals and washboard , and his brother rick		besides bewster , who else ?		craig holden on guitar , bob petchell on banjo and harp , and pete thorpe		what did thorpe play ?		what did thorpe play ?
the angels ( australian band )		early 1970s		what were the angels doing in the 1970s ?		the folk band gigged at local university campuses and cafes .		who were the members of the band at that point ?		john brewster on guitar , banjo , harp , backing vocals and washboard , and his brother rick		besides bewster , who else ?		craig holden on guitar , bob petchell on banjo and harp , and pete thorpe		what did thorpe play ?		tea chest bass , bass guitar , wash tub and backing vocals .		did they record any albums during this time ?		did the angels record any albums during 1970s ?
the angels ( australian band )		early 1970s		what were the angels doing in the 1970s ?		the folk band gigged at local university campuses and cafes .		who were the members of the band at that point ?		john brewster on guitar , banjo , harp , backing vocals and washboard , and his brother rick		besides bewster , who else ?		craig holden on guitar , bob petchell on banjo and harp , and pete thorpe		what did thorpe play ?		tea chest bass , bass guitar , wash tub and backing vocals .		did they record any albums during this time ?		they released their debut four - track extended play , keep you on the move ,		what songs were on this ?		what songs were on " keep you on the move " ?
the angels ( australian band )		early 1970s		what were the angels doing in the 1970s ?		the folk band gigged at local university campuses and cafes .		who were the members of the band at that point ?		john brewster on guitar , banjo , harp , backing vocals and washboard , and his brother rick		besides bewster , who else ?		craig holden on guitar , bob petchell on banjo and harp , and pete thorpe		what did thorpe play ?		tea chest bass , bass guitar , wash tub and backing vocals .		did they record any albums during this time ?		they released their debut four - track extended play , keep you on the move ,		what songs were on this ?		it contained a cover version of canned heat 's " on the road again "		what three other songs ?		what three other songs were on " keep you on the move " besides " on the road again " ?
the angels ( australian band )		early 1970s		what were the angels doing in the 1970s ?		the folk band gigged at local university campuses and cafes .		who were the members of the band at that point ?		john brewster on guitar , banjo , harp , backing vocals and washboard , and his brother rick		besides bewster , who else ?		craig holden on guitar , bob petchell on banjo and harp , and pete thorpe		what did thorpe play ?		tea chest bass , bass guitar , wash tub and backing vocals .		did they record any albums during this time ?		they released their debut four - track extended play , keep you on the move ,		what songs were on this ?		it contained a cover version of canned heat 's " on the road again "		what three other songs ?		" that 's all right with me " .		was the album well - received ?		was " keep you on the move " well - received ?
the angels ( australian band )		early 1970s		what were the angels doing in the 1970s ?		the folk band gigged at local university campuses and cafes .		who were the members of the band at that point ?		john brewster on guitar , banjo , harp , backing vocals and washboard , and his brother rick		besides bewster , who else ?		craig holden on guitar , bob petchell on banjo and harp , and pete thorpe		what did thorpe play ?		tea chest bass , bass guitar , wash tub and backing vocals .		did they record any albums during this time ?		they released their debut four - track extended play , keep you on the move ,		what songs were on this ?		it contained a cover version of canned heat 's " on the road again "		what three other songs ?		" that 's all right with me " .		was the album well - received ?		made the top 5 in adelaide .		did they tour during this time ?		did the angels tour during 1970s ?
patty loveless		return to nashville		what happened in nashville that was so important for her ?		what happened in nashville that was so important for patty loveless ?
patty loveless		return to nashville		what happened in nashville that was so important for her ?		brown to go ahead and sign her , but only to a short - term , singles - only recording contract .		did the album she recorded do well ?		did the album patty loveless record do well ?
patty loveless		return to nashville		what happened in nashville that was so important for her ?		brown to go ahead and sign her , but only to a short - term , singles - only recording contract .		did the album she recorded do well ?		i do n't know .		did she continue to tour after signing the recording contract ?		did patty loveless continue to tour after signing the recording contract ?
patty loveless		return to nashville		what happened in nashville that was so important for her ?		brown to go ahead and sign her , but only to a short - term , singles - only recording contract .		did the album she recorded do well ?		i do n't know .		did she continue to tour after signing the recording contract ?		i do n't know .		what happened to her singing career after the short term contract was up ?		what happened topatty loveless 's singing career after the short term contract was up ?
jackie coogan		early life and early career		was she married ?		was jackie coogan married ?
jackie coogan		early life and early career		was she married ?		i do n't know .		what was his early life like ?		what was jackie coogan 's early life like ?
jackie coogan		early life and early career		was she married ?		i do n't know .		what was his early life like ?		he began performing as an infant in both vaudeville and film , with an uncredited role in the 1917 film skinner 's baby .		did the movie do well ?		did skinner 's baby do well ?
jackie coogan		early life and early career		was she married ?		i do n't know .		what was his early life like ?		he began performing as an infant in both vaudeville and film , with an uncredited role in the 1917 film skinner 's baby .		did the movie do well ?		i do n't know .		what was his next film ?		what was coogan 's next film ?
jackie coogan		early life and early career		was she married ?		i do n't know .		what was his early life like ?		he began performing as an infant in both vaudeville and film , with an uncredited role in the 1917 film skinner 's baby .		did the movie do well ?		i do n't know .		what was his next film ?		chaplin cast him in a small role in a day 's pleasure ( 1919 ) .		did he do anything other than films ?		did coogan do any other films beside skinner 's baby and a day 's pleasure ?
jackie coogan		early life and early career		was she married ?		i do n't know .		what was his early life like ?		he began performing as an infant in both vaudeville and film , with an uncredited role in the 1917 film skinner 's baby .		did the movie do well ?		i do n't know .		what was his next film ?		chaplin cast him in a small role in a day 's pleasure ( 1919 ) .		did he do anything other than films ?		he was chaplin 's irascible companion in the kid		did he act all through early childhood ?		did coogan act all through early childhood ?
jackie coogan		early life and early career		was she married ?		i do n't know .		what was his early life like ?		he began performing as an infant in both vaudeville and film , with an uncredited role in the 1917 film skinner 's baby .		did the movie do well ?		i do n't know .		what was his next film ?		chaplin cast him in a small role in a day 's pleasure ( 1919 ) .		did he do anything other than films ?		he was chaplin 's irascible companion in the kid		did he act all through early childhood ?		i do n't know .		did he go to college ?		did coogan go to college ?
jackie coogan		early life and early career		was she married ?		i do n't know .		what was his early life like ?		he began performing as an infant in both vaudeville and film , with an uncredited role in the 1917 film skinner 's baby .		did the movie do well ?		i do n't know .		what was his next film ?		chaplin cast him in a small role in a day 's pleasure ( 1919 ) .		did he do anything other than films ?		he was chaplin 's irascible companion in the kid		did he act all through early childhood ?		i do n't know .		did he go to college ?		he attended several colleges , as well as the university of southern california .		what did he study ?		what did coogan study ?
jackie coogan		early life and early career		was she married ?		i do n't know .		what was his early life like ?		he began performing as an infant in both vaudeville and film , with an uncredited role in the 1917 film skinner 's baby .		did the movie do well ?		i do n't know .		what was his next film ?		chaplin cast him in a small role in a day 's pleasure ( 1919 ) .		did he do anything other than films ?		he was chaplin 's irascible companion in the kid		did he act all through early childhood ?		i do n't know .		did he go to college ?		he attended several colleges , as well as the university of southern california .		what did he study ?		i do n't know .		did he go into acting then ?		did coogan go into acting after college ?
screen actors guild		early years		what was it like in the early days ?		what was working at the hollywood like in the early days ?
screen actors guild		early years		what was it like in the early days ?		in 1925 , the masquers club was formed by actors discontent with the grueling work hours at the hollywood		were the actors in favor of this ?		were the actors in favor of masquers club ?
screen actors guild		early years		what was it like in the early days ?		in 1925 , the masquers club was formed by actors discontent with the grueling work hours at the hollywood		were the actors in favor of this ?		this was one of the major concerns which led to the creation of the screen actors guild in 1933 .		when was the union started ?		when was the screen actors guild started ?
screen actors guild		early years		what was it like in the early days ?		in 1925 , the masquers club was formed by actors discontent with the grueling work hours at the hollywood		were the actors in favor of this ?		this was one of the major concerns which led to the creation of the screen actors guild in 1933 .		when was the union started ?		academy of motion picture arts and sciences , which at that time arbitrated between the producers and actors on contract disputes , had a membership policy which was by invitation only .		what were the advantages for the actors ?		what were the advantages for the actors ?
screen actors guild		early years		what was it like in the early days ?		in 1925 , the masquers club was formed by actors discontent with the grueling work hours at the hollywood		were the actors in favor of this ?		this was one of the major concerns which led to the creation of the screen actors guild in 1933 .		when was the union started ?		academy of motion picture arts and sciences , which at that time arbitrated between the producers and actors on contract disputes , had a membership policy which was by invitation only .		what were the advantages for the actors ?		i do n't know .		who received the most benefit from this union ?		who received the most benefit from the screen actors guild ?
screen actors guild		early years		what was it like in the early days ?		in 1925 , the masquers club was formed by actors discontent with the grueling work hours at the hollywood		were the actors in favor of this ?		this was one of the major concerns which led to the creation of the screen actors guild in 1933 .		when was the union started ?		academy of motion picture arts and sciences , which at that time arbitrated between the producers and actors on contract disputes , had a membership policy which was by invitation only .		what were the advantages for the actors ?		i do n't know .		who received the most benefit from this union ?		many high - profile actors refused to join sag initially .		what happens if they refuse ?		what happens if the actors refuse ?
screen actors guild		early years		what was it like in the early days ?		in 1925 , the masquers club was formed by actors discontent with the grueling work hours at the hollywood		were the actors in favor of this ?		this was one of the major concerns which led to the creation of the screen actors guild in 1933 .		when was the union started ?		academy of motion picture arts and sciences , which at that time arbitrated between the producers and actors on contract disputes , had a membership policy which was by invitation only .		what were the advantages for the actors ?		i do n't know .		who received the most benefit from this union ?		many high - profile actors refused to join sag initially .		what happens if they refuse ?		i do n't know .		what was the end result ?		what was the end result ?
screen actors guild		early years		what was it like in the early days ?		in 1925 , the masquers club was formed by actors discontent with the grueling work hours at the hollywood		were the actors in favor of this ?		this was one of the major concerns which led to the creation of the screen actors guild in 1933 .		when was the union started ?		academy of motion picture arts and sciences , which at that time arbitrated between the producers and actors on contract disputes , had a membership policy which was by invitation only .		what were the advantages for the actors ?		i do n't know .		who received the most benefit from this union ?		many high - profile actors refused to join sag initially .		what happens if they refuse ?		i do n't know .		what was the end result ?		a pivotal meeting , at the home of frank morgan (		who was frank morgan ?		who was frank morgan ?
ted stevens		early alaska career		what date did this alaska period start ?		what date did the early alaska career period start for ted steven 's ?
ted stevens		early alaska career		what date did this alaska period start ?		arriving in fairbanks in february 1953 .		what did he do in fairbanks ?		what did ted stevens do in fairbanks ?
ted stevens		early alaska career		what date did this alaska period start ?		arriving in fairbanks in february 1953 .		what did he do in fairbanks ?		in fairbanks , stevens cultivated the city 's republican establishment . he befriended conservative newspaper publisher c.w. snedden ,		how did he grow his base ?		how did ted stevens grow his base ?
ted stevens		early alaska career		what date did this alaska period start ?		arriving in fairbanks in february 1953 .		what did he do in fairbanks ?		in fairbanks , stevens cultivated the city 's republican establishment . he befriended conservative newspaper publisher c.w. snedden ,		how did he grow his base ?		he befriended conservative newspaper publisher c.w. snedden , who had purchased the fairbanks daily news - miner in 1950 .		what else did ted do in alaska ?		what else did ted do in alaska , besides cultivating the city 's republican establishment ?
ted stevens		early alaska career		what date did this alaska period start ?		arriving in fairbanks in february 1953 .		what did he do in fairbanks ?		in fairbanks , stevens cultivated the city 's republican establishment . he befriended conservative newspaper publisher c.w. snedden ,		how did he grow his base ?		he befriended conservative newspaper publisher c.w. snedden , who had purchased the fairbanks daily news - miner in 1950 .		what else did ted do in alaska ?		loading up their 1947 buick and traveling on a $ 600 loan from clasby , they drove across country from washington , d.c. , and up the alaska highway in the dead of winter ,		what happened on the drive ?		what happened on ted steven 's drive across the country ?
kevin martin ( curler )		early career		what was his first break ?		what was kevin martin 's first break ?
kevin martin ( curler )		early career		what was his first break ?		five years out of the world junior championships , martin had formed a new team and won his first provincial championship .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides kevin martin 's early career , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
kevin martin ( curler )		early career		what was his first break ?		five years out of the world junior championships , martin had formed a new team and won his first provincial championship .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		at the 1991 brier , martin finished the round robin with an 8 - 3 win - loss record , tying saskatchewan for first place .		ddid he have any notable losses ?		did kevin martin have any notable losses in his early career ?
kevin martin ( curler )		early career		what was his first break ?		five years out of the world junior championships , martin had formed a new team and won his first provincial championship .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		at the 1991 brier , martin finished the round robin with an 8 - 3 win - loss record , tying saskatchewan for first place .		ddid he have any notable losses ?		after beating norway 's eigil ramsfjell in the semifinal , martin 's team lost in the final , losing to scotland 's david smith with a score of 2 - 7 .		did he have any notable wins ?		did kevin martin have any notable wins in his early career ?
editors ( band )		in this light and on this evening ( 2009 - 2010 )		what was in this light ?		what was the title of the new album from the band editors ?
editors ( band )		in this light and on this evening ( 2009 - 2010 )		what was in this light ?		the new album title would be in this light		when did they release that album ?		when did the editors release the album ?
editors ( band )		in this light and on this evening ( 2009 - 2010 )		what was in this light ?		the new album title would be in this light		when did they release that album ?		2 june 2009 ,		how was it received ?		how was the album received ?
editors ( band )		in this light and on this evening ( 2009 - 2010 )		what was in this light ?		the new album title would be in this light		when did they release that album ?		2 june 2009 ,		how was it received ?		which resulted in a mixed reception from long - term fans as to the group 's new direction .		what did the fans not like about the album ?		what did the fans not like about the album ?
editors ( band )		in this light and on this evening ( 2009 - 2010 )		what was in this light ?		the new album title would be in this light		when did they release that album ?		2 june 2009 ,		how was it received ?		which resulted in a mixed reception from long - term fans as to the group 's new direction .		what did the fans not like about the album ?		the group 's new direction .		what about the new direction did they not like ?		what about the new direction did the fans not like ?
editors ( band )		in this light and on this evening ( 2009 - 2010 )		what was in this light ?		the new album title would be in this light		when did they release that album ?		2 june 2009 ,		how was it received ?		which resulted in a mixed reception from long - term fans as to the group 's new direction .		what did the fans not like about the album ?		the group 's new direction .		what about the new direction did they not like ?		synthetic elements on the album ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than the album , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
editors ( band )		in this light and on this evening ( 2009 - 2010 )		what was in this light ?		the new album title would be in this light		when did they release that album ?		2 june 2009 ,		how was it received ?		which resulted in a mixed reception from long - term fans as to the group 's new direction .		what did the fans not like about the album ?		the group 's new direction .		what about the new direction did they not like ?		synthetic elements on the album ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		they would be the first band to play at the new o2 academy birmingham .		was the performance a success ?		was the performance a success ?
editors ( band )		in this light and on this evening ( 2009 - 2010 )		what was in this light ?		the new album title would be in this light		when did they release that album ?		2 june 2009 ,		how was it received ?		which resulted in a mixed reception from long - term fans as to the group 's new direction .		what did the fans not like about the album ?		the group 's new direction .		what about the new direction did they not like ?		synthetic elements on the album ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		they would be the first band to play at the new o2 academy birmingham .		was the performance a success ?		i do n't know .		what was this evening ?		what was the title of the new album from the band editors ?
editors ( band )		in this light and on this evening ( 2009 - 2010 )		what was in this light ?		the new album title would be in this light		when did they release that album ?		2 june 2009 ,		how was it received ?		which resulted in a mixed reception from long - term fans as to the group 's new direction .		what did the fans not like about the album ?		the group 's new direction .		what about the new direction did they not like ?		synthetic elements on the album ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		they would be the first band to play at the new o2 academy birmingham .		was the performance a success ?		i do n't know .		what was this evening ?		the new album title would be in this light and on this evening		did they release other albums during 2009 - 2010 ?		did the editors release other albums during 2009 - 2010 ?
mc5		kick out the jams		what year was kick out the jams released ?		what year was kick out the jams released ?
mc5		kick out the jams		what year was kick out the jams released ?		jams , recorded live on october 30 and 31 , 1968 ,		was it well received ?		was kick out the jams well received ?
mc5		kick out the jams		what year was kick out the jams released ?		jams , recorded live on october 30 and 31 , 1968 ,		was it well received ?		critic mark deming writes that kick out the jams " is one of the most powerfully energetic live albums ever made ...		did it sell a lot of records ?		did mc5 sell a lot of records ?
mc5		kick out the jams		what year was kick out the jams released ?		jams , recorded live on october 30 and 31 , 1968 ,		was it well received ?		critic mark deming writes that kick out the jams " is one of the most powerfully energetic live albums ever made ...		did it sell a lot of records ?		selling over 100,000 copies		what are some of the tracks on the album ?		what are some of the tracks on kick out the jams ?
mc5		kick out the jams		what year was kick out the jams released ?		jams , recorded live on october 30 and 31 , 1968 ,		was it well received ?		critic mark deming writes that kick out the jams " is one of the most powerfully energetic live albums ever made ...		did it sell a lot of records ?		selling over 100,000 copies		what are some of the tracks on the album ?		" rama lama fa fa fa " ,		are there any other notable tracks ?		besides rama lama fa fa fa , are there any other notable tracks ?
mc5		kick out the jams		what year was kick out the jams released ?		jams , recorded live on october 30 and 31 , 1968 ,		was it well received ?		critic mark deming writes that kick out the jams " is one of the most powerfully energetic live albums ever made ...		did it sell a lot of records ?		selling over 100,000 copies		what are some of the tracks on the album ?		" rama lama fa fa fa " ,		are there any other notable tracks ?		" kick out the jams "		what else is important about this album ?		in addition to selling over 100,000 copies , what else is important about kick out the jams ?
mc5		kick out the jams		what year was kick out the jams released ?		jams , recorded live on october 30 and 31 , 1968 ,		was it well received ?		critic mark deming writes that kick out the jams " is one of the most powerfully energetic live albums ever made ...		did it sell a lot of records ?		selling over 100,000 copies		what are some of the tracks on the album ?		" rama lama fa fa fa " ,		are there any other notable tracks ?		" kick out the jams "		what else is important about this album ?		the origins of mc5 can be traced to the friendship between guitarists		who were the guitarists that were friends ?		who were the guitarists that were friends ?
mc5		kick out the jams		what year was kick out the jams released ?		jams , recorded live on october 30 and 31 , 1968 ,		was it well received ?		critic mark deming writes that kick out the jams " is one of the most powerfully energetic live albums ever made ...		did it sell a lot of records ?		selling over 100,000 copies		what are some of the tracks on the album ?		" rama lama fa fa fa " ,		are there any other notable tracks ?		" kick out the jams "		what else is important about this album ?		the origins of mc5 can be traced to the friendship between guitarists		who were the guitarists that were friends ?		wayne kramer and fred smith .		what number album was kick out the jams for them ?		what number album was kick out the jams for wayne kramer and fred smith ?
joseph mccarthy		support from roman catholics and the kennedy family		what support he provide for roman catholics ?		what support joseph mccarthy provide for roman catholics ?
joseph mccarthy		support from roman catholics and the kennedy family		what support he provide for roman catholics ?		one of the strongest bases of anti - communist sentiment in the united states was the catholic community , which constituted over 20 % of the national vote .		what was his involvement with that group ?		what was joseph mccarthy involvement with roman catholics group ?
joseph mccarthy		support from roman catholics and the kennedy family		what support he provide for roman catholics ?		one of the strongest bases of anti - communist sentiment in the united states was the catholic community , which constituted over 20 % of the national vote .		what was his involvement with that group ?		mccarthy identified himself as catholic , and although the great majority of catholics were democrats , as his fame as a leading anti - communist grew ,		what cooperation he had with them ?		what cooperation joseph mccarthy had with roman catholics and the kennedy family ?
joseph mccarthy		support from roman catholics and the kennedy family		what support he provide for roman catholics ?		one of the strongest bases of anti - communist sentiment in the united states was the catholic community , which constituted over 20 % of the national vote .		what was his involvement with that group ?		mccarthy identified himself as catholic , and although the great majority of catholics were democrats , as his fame as a leading anti - communist grew ,		what cooperation he had with them ?		he became popular in catholic communities across the country , with strong support from many leading catholics , diocesan newspapers , and catholic journals .		how did they go for their agenda against communists ?		how did roman catholics and the kennedy family go for their agenda against communists ?
joseph mccarthy		support from roman catholics and the kennedy family		what support he provide for roman catholics ?		one of the strongest bases of anti - communist sentiment in the united states was the catholic community , which constituted over 20 % of the national vote .		what was his involvement with that group ?		mccarthy identified himself as catholic , and although the great majority of catholics were democrats , as his fame as a leading anti - communist grew ,		what cooperation he had with them ?		he became popular in catholic communities across the country , with strong support from many leading catholics , diocesan newspapers , and catholic journals .		how did they go for their agenda against communists ?		i do n't know .		how was he involved with the kennedys ?		how was joseph mccarthy involved with the kennedys ?
joseph mccarthy		support from roman catholics and the kennedy family		what support he provide for roman catholics ?		one of the strongest bases of anti - communist sentiment in the united states was the catholic community , which constituted over 20 % of the national vote .		what was his involvement with that group ?		mccarthy identified himself as catholic , and although the great majority of catholics were democrats , as his fame as a leading anti - communist grew ,		what cooperation he had with them ?		he became popular in catholic communities across the country , with strong support from many leading catholics , diocesan newspapers , and catholic journals .		how did they go for their agenda against communists ?		i do n't know .		how was he involved with the kennedys ?		mccarthy became a close friend of joseph p. kennedy sr . , himself a fervent anti - communist , and was a frequent guest at the kennedy compound in hyannis port .		what their involvements entailed ?		what joseph mccarthy involvements entailed ?
joseph mccarthy		support from roman catholics and the kennedy family		what support he provide for roman catholics ?		one of the strongest bases of anti - communist sentiment in the united states was the catholic community , which constituted over 20 % of the national vote .		what was his involvement with that group ?		mccarthy identified himself as catholic , and although the great majority of catholics were democrats , as his fame as a leading anti - communist grew ,		what cooperation he had with them ?		he became popular in catholic communities across the country , with strong support from many leading catholics , diocesan newspapers , and catholic journals .		how did they go for their agenda against communists ?		i do n't know .		how was he involved with the kennedys ?		mccarthy became a close friend of joseph p. kennedy sr . , himself a fervent anti - communist , and was a frequent guest at the kennedy compound in hyannis port .		what their involvements entailed ?		he dated two of kennedy 's daughters , patricia and eunice . it has been stated that mccarthy was godfather to robert f. kennedy 's first child ,		how they influenced each other ?		how robert kennedy and joseph mccarthy influenced each other ?
joseph mccarthy		support from roman catholics and the kennedy family		what support he provide for roman catholics ?		one of the strongest bases of anti - communist sentiment in the united states was the catholic community , which constituted over 20 % of the national vote .		what was his involvement with that group ?		mccarthy identified himself as catholic , and although the great majority of catholics were democrats , as his fame as a leading anti - communist grew ,		what cooperation he had with them ?		he became popular in catholic communities across the country , with strong support from many leading catholics , diocesan newspapers , and catholic journals .		how did they go for their agenda against communists ?		i do n't know .		how was he involved with the kennedys ?		mccarthy became a close friend of joseph p. kennedy sr . , himself a fervent anti - communist , and was a frequent guest at the kennedy compound in hyannis port .		what their involvements entailed ?		he dated two of kennedy 's daughters , patricia and eunice . it has been stated that mccarthy was godfather to robert f. kennedy 's first child ,		how they influenced each other ?		robert kennedy was chosen by mccarthy as a counsel for his investigatory committee , but resigned after six months due to disagreements with mccarthy		what was the aftermath of that ?		what was the aftermath of robert kennedy was chosen by mccarthy as a counsel for his investigatory committee ?
zenyatta		2008 season		how did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		how did zenyatta do in 2008 ?
zenyatta		2008 season		how did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		on january 13 , 2008 , zenyatta stopped the tele - timer in 1:40.61 and broke the stakes record in the 1 - 1/16-mi grade 2 el encino stakes at santa anita .		did zenyatta participate in any more races in 2008 ?		did zenyatta participate in any more races in 2008 , beside s the 1 - 1/16-mi grade 2 el encino stakes
zenyatta		2008 season		how did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		on january 13 , 2008 , zenyatta stopped the tele - timer in 1:40.61 and broke the stakes record in the 1 - 1/16-mi grade 2 el encino stakes at santa anita .		did zenyatta participate in any more races in 2008 ?		zenyatta traveled to oaklawn park on april 5 , 2008 ,		how did zenyatta do at oaklawn park ?		how did zenyatta do at oaklawn park on april 5 , 2008 ?
zenyatta		2008 season		how did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		on january 13 , 2008 , zenyatta stopped the tele - timer in 1:40.61 and broke the stakes record in the 1 - 1/16-mi grade 2 el encino stakes at santa anita .		did zenyatta participate in any more races in 2008 ?		zenyatta traveled to oaklawn park on april 5 , 2008 ,		how did zenyatta do at oaklawn park ?		there she defeated the 2007 older female champion , ginger punch , and won the apple blossom handicap for her first grade 1 victory .		did zenyatta have any other victories in 2008 ?		did zenyatta have any other victories in 2008 , besides ginger punch ?
zenyatta		2008 season		how did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		on january 13 , 2008 , zenyatta stopped the tele - timer in 1:40.61 and broke the stakes record in the 1 - 1/16-mi grade 2 el encino stakes at santa anita .		did zenyatta participate in any more races in 2008 ?		zenyatta traveled to oaklawn park on april 5 , 2008 ,		how did zenyatta do at oaklawn park ?		there she defeated the 2007 older female champion , ginger punch , and won the apple blossom handicap for her first grade 1 victory .		did zenyatta have any other victories in 2008 ?		on september 27 , 2008 , zenyatta won the grade 1 lady 's secret stakes at santa anita park .		how many races did zenyatta win in 2008 ?		how many races did zenyatta win in 2008 ?
zenyatta		2008 season		how did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		on january 13 , 2008 , zenyatta stopped the tele - timer in 1:40.61 and broke the stakes record in the 1 - 1/16-mi grade 2 el encino stakes at santa anita .		did zenyatta participate in any more races in 2008 ?		zenyatta traveled to oaklawn park on april 5 , 2008 ,		how did zenyatta do at oaklawn park ?		there she defeated the 2007 older female champion , ginger punch , and won the apple blossom handicap for her first grade 1 victory .		did zenyatta have any other victories in 2008 ?		on september 27 , 2008 , zenyatta won the grade 1 lady 's secret stakes at santa anita park .		how many races did zenyatta win in 2008 ?		i do n't know .		what else did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		what else did zenyatta do in 2008 , aside from the grade 2 el encino stakes ?
zenyatta		2008 season		how did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		on january 13 , 2008 , zenyatta stopped the tele - timer in 1:40.61 and broke the stakes record in the 1 - 1/16-mi grade 2 el encino stakes at santa anita .		did zenyatta participate in any more races in 2008 ?		zenyatta traveled to oaklawn park on april 5 , 2008 ,		how did zenyatta do at oaklawn park ?		there she defeated the 2007 older female champion , ginger punch , and won the apple blossom handicap for her first grade 1 victory .		did zenyatta have any other victories in 2008 ?		on september 27 , 2008 , zenyatta won the grade 1 lady 's secret stakes at santa anita park .		how many races did zenyatta win in 2008 ?		i do n't know .		what else did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		on october 24 , 2008 , zenyatta was sent off as the 1 - 2 favorite for the grade 1 breeders ' cup ladies ' classic at oak tree at santa anita park .		how did zenyatta do at santa anita park ?		how did zenyatta do at santa anita park on october 24 , 2008 ?
zenyatta		2008 season		how did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		on january 13 , 2008 , zenyatta stopped the tele - timer in 1:40.61 and broke the stakes record in the 1 - 1/16-mi grade 2 el encino stakes at santa anita .		did zenyatta participate in any more races in 2008 ?		zenyatta traveled to oaklawn park on april 5 , 2008 ,		how did zenyatta do at oaklawn park ?		there she defeated the 2007 older female champion , ginger punch , and won the apple blossom handicap for her first grade 1 victory .		did zenyatta have any other victories in 2008 ?		on september 27 , 2008 , zenyatta won the grade 1 lady 's secret stakes at santa anita park .		how many races did zenyatta win in 2008 ?		i do n't know .		what else did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		on october 24 , 2008 , zenyatta was sent off as the 1 - 2 favorite for the grade 1 breeders ' cup ladies ' classic at oak tree at santa anita park .		how did zenyatta do at santa anita park ?		she circled the field at the top of the stretch and won , capping an undefeated season and making a case for herself as horse of the year .		did zenyatta win horse of the year for 2008 ?		did zenyatta win horse of the year for 2008 ?
zenyatta		2008 season		how did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		on january 13 , 2008 , zenyatta stopped the tele - timer in 1:40.61 and broke the stakes record in the 1 - 1/16-mi grade 2 el encino stakes at santa anita .		did zenyatta participate in any more races in 2008 ?		zenyatta traveled to oaklawn park on april 5 , 2008 ,		how did zenyatta do at oaklawn park ?		there she defeated the 2007 older female champion , ginger punch , and won the apple blossom handicap for her first grade 1 victory .		did zenyatta have any other victories in 2008 ?		on september 27 , 2008 , zenyatta won the grade 1 lady 's secret stakes at santa anita park .		how many races did zenyatta win in 2008 ?		i do n't know .		what else did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		on october 24 , 2008 , zenyatta was sent off as the 1 - 2 favorite for the grade 1 breeders ' cup ladies ' classic at oak tree at santa anita park .		how did zenyatta do at santa anita park ?		she circled the field at the top of the stretch and won , capping an undefeated season and making a case for herself as horse of the year .		did zenyatta win horse of the year for 2008 ?		established herself as the heavy favorite for the breeders ' cup ladies ' classic in october .		how did zenyatta do at the breeders ' cup ladies ' classic ?		how did zenyatta do at the breeders ' cup ladies ' classic ?
zenyatta		2008 season		how did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		on january 13 , 2008 , zenyatta stopped the tele - timer in 1:40.61 and broke the stakes record in the 1 - 1/16-mi grade 2 el encino stakes at santa anita .		did zenyatta participate in any more races in 2008 ?		zenyatta traveled to oaklawn park on april 5 , 2008 ,		how did zenyatta do at oaklawn park ?		there she defeated the 2007 older female champion , ginger punch , and won the apple blossom handicap for her first grade 1 victory .		did zenyatta have any other victories in 2008 ?		on september 27 , 2008 , zenyatta won the grade 1 lady 's secret stakes at santa anita park .		how many races did zenyatta win in 2008 ?		i do n't know .		what else did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		on october 24 , 2008 , zenyatta was sent off as the 1 - 2 favorite for the grade 1 breeders ' cup ladies ' classic at oak tree at santa anita park .		how did zenyatta do at santa anita park ?		she circled the field at the top of the stretch and won , capping an undefeated season and making a case for herself as horse of the year .		did zenyatta win horse of the year for 2008 ?		established herself as the heavy favorite for the breeders ' cup ladies ' classic in october .		how did zenyatta do at the breeders ' cup ladies ' classic ?		her breeders ' cup ladies ' classic was the second - fastest in breeders ' cup history		did she win any awards in 2008 ?		did zenyatta win any awards in 2008 ?
zenyatta		2008 season		how did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		on january 13 , 2008 , zenyatta stopped the tele - timer in 1:40.61 and broke the stakes record in the 1 - 1/16-mi grade 2 el encino stakes at santa anita .		did zenyatta participate in any more races in 2008 ?		zenyatta traveled to oaklawn park on april 5 , 2008 ,		how did zenyatta do at oaklawn park ?		there she defeated the 2007 older female champion , ginger punch , and won the apple blossom handicap for her first grade 1 victory .		did zenyatta have any other victories in 2008 ?		on september 27 , 2008 , zenyatta won the grade 1 lady 's secret stakes at santa anita park .		how many races did zenyatta win in 2008 ?		i do n't know .		what else did zenyatta do in 2008 ?		on october 24 , 2008 , zenyatta was sent off as the 1 - 2 favorite for the grade 1 breeders ' cup ladies ' classic at oak tree at santa anita park .		how did zenyatta do at santa anita park ?		she circled the field at the top of the stretch and won , capping an undefeated season and making a case for herself as horse of the year .		did zenyatta win horse of the year for 2008 ?		established herself as the heavy favorite for the breeders ' cup ladies ' classic in october .		how did zenyatta do at the breeders ' cup ladies ' classic ?		her breeders ' cup ladies ' classic was the second - fastest in breeders ' cup history		did she win any awards in 2008 ?		won the grade 2 clement l. hirsch at del mar.		any other important things to know about zenyatta in 2008 ?		any other important things to know about zenyatta in 2008 , in addition to winning the grade 2 clement l. hirsch at del mar ?
van jones		green for all		what is green for all ?		what is green for all ?
van jones		green for all		what is green for all ?		a new national ngo dedicated to creating green pathways out of poverty in america .		what was van jones role in green for all ?		what was van jones role in green for all ?
van jones		green for all		what is green for all ?		a new national ngo dedicated to creating green pathways out of poverty in america .		what was van jones role in green for all ?		jones attended the clinton global initiative and announced his plans to launch green for all ,		what were his plans ?		what were van jones plans in green for all ?
van jones		green for all		what is green for all ?		a new national ngo dedicated to creating green pathways out of poverty in america .		what was van jones role in green for all ?		jones attended the clinton global initiative and announced his plans to launch green for all ,		what were his plans ?		green for all was intended to make a national program out of the green - collar jobs mission - creating green pathways out of poverty .		who was the plan intended for ?		who was green for all plan intended for ?
van jones		green for all		what is green for all ?		a new national ngo dedicated to creating green pathways out of poverty in america .		what was van jones role in green for all ?		jones attended the clinton global initiative and announced his plans to launch green for all ,		what were his plans ?		green for all was intended to make a national program out of the green - collar jobs mission - creating green pathways out of poverty .		who was the plan intended for ?		green for all was intended to make a national program out of the green - collar jobs mission - creating green pathways out of poverty .		was the plan ever put in place ?		was green for all plan ever put in place ?
van jones		green for all		what is green for all ?		a new national ngo dedicated to creating green pathways out of poverty in america .		what was van jones role in green for all ?		jones attended the clinton global initiative and announced his plans to launch green for all ,		what were his plans ?		green for all was intended to make a national program out of the green - collar jobs mission - creating green pathways out of poverty .		who was the plan intended for ?		green for all was intended to make a national program out of the green - collar jobs mission - creating green pathways out of poverty .		was the plan ever put in place ?		in its first year , green for all organized " the dream reborn " , the first national green conference in which the majority of attendees were people of color .		who attended the conference ?		who attended the first national green conference ?
van jones		green for all		what is green for all ?		a new national ngo dedicated to creating green pathways out of poverty in america .		what was van jones role in green for all ?		jones attended the clinton global initiative and announced his plans to launch green for all ,		what were his plans ?		green for all was intended to make a national program out of the green - collar jobs mission - creating green pathways out of poverty .		who was the plan intended for ?		green for all was intended to make a national program out of the green - collar jobs mission - creating green pathways out of poverty .		was the plan ever put in place ?		in its first year , green for all organized " the dream reborn " , the first national green conference in which the majority of attendees were people of color .		who attended the conference ?		with 1sky and the we campaign , it co - hosted a national day of action		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the green for all plan , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
van jones		green for all		what is green for all ?		a new national ngo dedicated to creating green pathways out of poverty in america .		what was van jones role in green for all ?		jones attended the clinton global initiative and announced his plans to launch green for all ,		what were his plans ?		green for all was intended to make a national program out of the green - collar jobs mission - creating green pathways out of poverty .		who was the plan intended for ?		green for all was intended to make a national program out of the green - collar jobs mission - creating green pathways out of poverty .		was the plan ever put in place ?		in its first year , green for all organized " the dream reborn " , the first national green conference in which the majority of attendees were people of color .		who attended the conference ?		with 1sky and the we campaign , it co - hosted a national day of action		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		as part of the clean energy corps working group , it launched a campaign for a clean energy corps initiative which would create 600,000 ' green - collar ' jobs		was the campaign successful ?		was clean energy corps initiative campaign successful ?
sharon cuneta		1981 - 83 : dear heart and early movie career		what was she doing in 1981 ?		what was sharon cuneta doing in 1981 ?
sharon cuneta		1981 - 83 : dear heart and early movie career		what was she doing in 1981 ?		on november 12 , 1981 , viva films released its first feature film , p.s. i love you , starring cuneta and concepcion .		was that the start of her career ?		was p.s. i love you the start of sharon cunetas career ?
sharon cuneta		1981 - 83 : dear heart and early movie career		what was she doing in 1981 ?		on november 12 , 1981 , viva films released its first feature film , p.s. i love you , starring cuneta and concepcion .		was that the start of her career ?		cuneta starred in her very first feature film entitled , dear heart . she was paired with then close - up model		did it do well ?		did dear heart do well ?
sharon cuneta		1981 - 83 : dear heart and early movie career		what was she doing in 1981 ?		on november 12 , 1981 , viva films released its first feature film , p.s. i love you , starring cuneta and concepcion .		was that the start of her career ?		cuneta starred in her very first feature film entitled , dear heart . she was paired with then close - up model		did it do well ?		due to the commercial success of dear heart , a sequel was made .		what was the name of it ?		what was the name of the sequel ?
sharon cuneta		1981 - 83 : dear heart and early movie career		what was she doing in 1981 ?		on november 12 , 1981 , viva films released its first feature film , p.s. i love you , starring cuneta and concepcion .		was that the start of her career ?		cuneta starred in her very first feature film entitled , dear heart . she was paired with then close - up model		did it do well ?		due to the commercial success of dear heart , a sequel was made .		what was the name of it ?		p.s. i love you ,		what year did it come out ?		what year did p.s. i love you come out ?
sharon cuneta		1981 - 83 : dear heart and early movie career		what was she doing in 1981 ?		on november 12 , 1981 , viva films released its first feature film , p.s. i love you , starring cuneta and concepcion .		was that the start of her career ?		cuneta starred in her very first feature film entitled , dear heart . she was paired with then close - up model		did it do well ?		due to the commercial success of dear heart , a sequel was made .		what was the name of it ?		p.s. i love you ,		what year did it come out ?		1981 ,		was it as successful as the first ?		was p.s. i love you as successful as dear heart ?
sharon cuneta		1981 - 83 : dear heart and early movie career		what was she doing in 1981 ?		on november 12 , 1981 , viva films released its first feature film , p.s. i love you , starring cuneta and concepcion .		was that the start of her career ?		cuneta starred in her very first feature film entitled , dear heart . she was paired with then close - up model		did it do well ?		due to the commercial success of dear heart , a sequel was made .		what was the name of it ?		p.s. i love you ,		what year did it come out ?		1981 ,		was it as successful as the first ?		the film was a box office success		did she win any awards ?		did sharon cuneta win any awards ?
sharon cuneta		1981 - 83 : dear heart and early movie career		what was she doing in 1981 ?		on november 12 , 1981 , viva films released its first feature film , p.s. i love you , starring cuneta and concepcion .		was that the start of her career ?		cuneta starred in her very first feature film entitled , dear heart . she was paired with then close - up model		did it do well ?		due to the commercial success of dear heart , a sequel was made .		what was the name of it ?		p.s. i love you ,		what year did it come out ?		1981 ,		was it as successful as the first ?		the film was a box office success		did she win any awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from cunetas early movie career are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
sharon cuneta		1981 - 83 : dear heart and early movie career		what was she doing in 1981 ?		on november 12 , 1981 , viva films released its first feature film , p.s. i love you , starring cuneta and concepcion .		was that the start of her career ?		cuneta starred in her very first feature film entitled , dear heart . she was paired with then close - up model		did it do well ?		due to the commercial success of dear heart , a sequel was made .		what was the name of it ?		p.s. i love you ,		what year did it come out ?		1981 ,		was it as successful as the first ?		the film was a box office success		did she win any awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		cuneta was also paired with other leading men , with the likes of william martinez ( in forgive and forget ) ,		who else did she work with ?		other than william martinez who else did cuneta work with ?
bill gates		basic		what is basic ?		what is basic ?
bill gates		basic		what is basic ?		programming language		when did he develop basic ?		when did bill gates develop basic ?
bill gates		basic		what is basic ?		programming language		when did he develop basic ?		after gates read the january 1975 issue of popular electronics , which demonstrated the altair 8800 ,		was he able to secure a job because of inventing basic ?		was bill gates able to secure a job because of inventing basic ?
bill gates		basic		what is basic ?		programming language		when did he develop basic ?		after gates read the january 1975 issue of popular electronics , which demonstrated the altair 8800 ,		was he able to secure a job because of inventing basic ?		gates took a leave of absence from harvard to work with allen at mits in albuquerque in november 1975 .		did he further develop basic ?		did bill gates further develop basic ?
bill gates		basic		what is basic ?		programming language		when did he develop basic ?		after gates read the january 1975 issue of popular electronics , which demonstrated the altair 8800 ,		was he able to secure a job because of inventing basic ?		gates took a leave of absence from harvard to work with allen at mits in albuquerque in november 1975 .		did he further develop basic ?		microsoft became independent of mits in late 1976 , and it continued to develop programming language software for various systems .		was he able to pitch basic to people or companies ?		was bill gates able to pitch basic to people or companies ?
bill gates		basic		what is basic ?		programming language		when did he develop basic ?		after gates read the january 1975 issue of popular electronics , which demonstrated the altair 8800 ,		was he able to secure a job because of inventing basic ?		gates took a leave of absence from harvard to work with allen at mits in albuquerque in november 1975 .		did he further develop basic ?		microsoft became independent of mits in late 1976 , and it continued to develop programming language software for various systems .		was he able to pitch basic to people or companies ?		microsoft 's altair basic was popular with computer hobbyists , but gates discovered that a pre - market copy had leaked into the community and was being widely copied and distributed .		what did bill gates finally do with basic ?		what did bill gates finally do with basic ?
bill gates		basic		what is basic ?		programming language		when did he develop basic ?		after gates read the january 1975 issue of popular electronics , which demonstrated the altair 8800 ,		was he able to secure a job because of inventing basic ?		gates took a leave of absence from harvard to work with allen at mits in albuquerque in november 1975 .		did he further develop basic ?		microsoft became independent of mits in late 1976 , and it continued to develop programming language software for various systems .		was he able to pitch basic to people or companies ?		microsoft 's altair basic was popular with computer hobbyists , but gates discovered that a pre - market copy had leaked into the community and was being widely copied and distributed .		what did bill gates finally do with basic ?		gates wrote an open letter to hobbyists in the mits newsletter		once he got rid of basic what did bill do ?		once bill gates got rid of basic what did he do ?
bill gates		basic		what is basic ?		programming language		when did he develop basic ?		after gates read the january 1975 issue of popular electronics , which demonstrated the altair 8800 ,		was he able to secure a job because of inventing basic ?		gates took a leave of absence from harvard to work with allen at mits in albuquerque in november 1975 .		did he further develop basic ?		microsoft became independent of mits in late 1976 , and it continued to develop programming language software for various systems .		was he able to pitch basic to people or companies ?		microsoft 's altair basic was popular with computer hobbyists , but gates discovered that a pre - market copy had leaked into the community and was being widely copied and distributed .		what did bill gates finally do with basic ?		gates wrote an open letter to hobbyists in the mits newsletter		once he got rid of basic what did bill do ?		microsoft became independent of mits in late 1976 , and it continued to develop programming language software for various systems .		who did bill work with ?		who did bill gates work with ?
robert rauschenberg		exhibitions		where was he born ?		where was robert rauschenberg born ?
robert rauschenberg		exhibitions		where was he born ?		i do n't know .		when was his first art recognized ?		when was robert rauschenberg 's first art recognized ?
robert rauschenberg		exhibitions		where was he born ?		i do n't know .		when was his first art recognized ?		in 1951 rauschenberg had his first one - man show at the betty parsons gallery		what piece of art made him famous ?		what piece of art made robert rauschenberg famous ?
robert rauschenberg		exhibitions		where was he born ?		i do n't know .		when was his first art recognized ?		in 1951 rauschenberg had his first one - man show at the betty parsons gallery		what piece of art made him famous ?		rauschenberg showed bed ( 1955 ) , one of his first and certainly most famous combines .		where was his first show ?		where was robert rauschenberg 's first show ?
robert rauschenberg		exhibitions		where was he born ?		i do n't know .		when was his first art recognized ?		in 1951 rauschenberg had his first one - man show at the betty parsons gallery		what piece of art made him famous ?		rauschenberg showed bed ( 1955 ) , one of his first and certainly most famous combines .		where was his first show ?		betty parsons gallery		any other important information reguarding his first show ?		besides being held in betty parsons gallery , are there any other important information regarding robert rauschenberg 's first show ?
robert rauschenberg		exhibitions		where was he born ?		i do n't know .		when was his first art recognized ?		in 1951 rauschenberg had his first one - man show at the betty parsons gallery		what piece of art made him famous ?		rauschenberg showed bed ( 1955 ) , one of his first and certainly most famous combines .		where was his first show ?		betty parsons gallery		any other important information reguarding his first show ?		his first career retrospective , organized by the jewish museum , new york , in 1963 , and in 1964 he was the first american artist to win the grand prize		any other shows that are pertinant ?		besides robert rauschenberg 's show in betty parsons gallery , are there other shows that are pertinent ?
robert rauschenberg		exhibitions		where was he born ?		i do n't know .		when was his first art recognized ?		in 1951 rauschenberg had his first one - man show at the betty parsons gallery		what piece of art made him famous ?		rauschenberg showed bed ( 1955 ) , one of his first and certainly most famous combines .		where was his first show ?		betty parsons gallery		any other important information reguarding his first show ?		his first career retrospective , organized by the jewish museum , new york , in 1963 , and in 1964 he was the first american artist to win the grand prize		any other shows that are pertinant ?		a retrospective organized by the national collection of fine arts ( now the smithsonian american art museum ) , washington , d.c. , traveled throughout the united states in 1976 and 1978 .		has any of his art gone up for sale ?		has any of robert rauschenberg 's art gone up for sale ?
robert rauschenberg		exhibitions		where was he born ?		i do n't know .		when was his first art recognized ?		in 1951 rauschenberg had his first one - man show at the betty parsons gallery		what piece of art made him famous ?		rauschenberg showed bed ( 1955 ) , one of his first and certainly most famous combines .		where was his first show ?		betty parsons gallery		any other important information reguarding his first show ?		his first career retrospective , organized by the jewish museum , new york , in 1963 , and in 1964 he was the first american artist to win the grand prize		any other shows that are pertinant ?		a retrospective organized by the national collection of fine arts ( now the smithsonian american art museum ) , washington , d.c. , traveled throughout the united states in 1976 and 1978 .		has any of his art gone up for sale ?		i do n't know .		has he worked with any other artists ?		has robert rauschenberg worked with any other artists besides national collection of fine arts ?
culture of turkey		prose		when did prose become important in turkish culture ?		when did prose become important in turkish culture ?
culture of turkey		prose		when did prose become important in turkish culture ?		the style of the current novelists can be traced back to the " young pens " ( genc kalemler ) journal in the ottoman period .		what was the journal about ?		what was the " young pens " ottoman period journal about ?
culture of turkey		prose		when did prose become important in turkish culture ?		the style of the current novelists can be traced back to the " young pens " ( genc kalemler ) journal in the ottoman period .		what was the journal about ?		young pens was published in selanik under omer seyfettin , ziya gokalp and ali canip yontem .		were there any other important journals ?		were there any other important journals aside from " young pens " ?
culture of turkey		prose		when did prose become important in turkish culture ?		the style of the current novelists can be traced back to the " young pens " ( genc kalemler ) journal in the ottoman period .		what was the journal about ?		young pens was published in selanik under omer seyfettin , ziya gokalp and ali canip yontem .		were there any other important journals ?		they covered the social and political concepts of their time with the nationalistic perspective . they were the core of a movement which became known as the " national literature . "		what kinds of concepts ?		what kinds of concepts did the journals of the ottoman period cover ?
culture of turkey		prose		when did prose become important in turkish culture ?		the style of the current novelists can be traced back to the " young pens " ( genc kalemler ) journal in the ottoman period .		what was the journal about ?		young pens was published in selanik under omer seyfettin , ziya gokalp and ali canip yontem .		were there any other important journals ?		they covered the social and political concepts of their time with the nationalistic perspective . they were the core of a movement which became known as the " national literature . "		what kinds of concepts ?		social and political concepts of their time with the nationalistic perspective .		what is the national literature movement about ?		what is the turkish national literature movement about ?
rohingya people		rohingya political participation in burma		when did rohingya take interest in burma ?		when did rohingya take interest in burma ?
rohingya people		rohingya political participation in burma		when did rohingya take interest in burma ?		calling for the recognition of the term " rohingya " , based on local indian names of arakan ( rohan and rohang ) , as the official ethnicity of arakanese indians .		what did they stand for politically ?		what did rohingya people stand for politically in burma ?
rohingya people		rohingya political participation in burma		when did rohingya take interest in burma ?		calling for the recognition of the term " rohingya " , based on local indian names of arakan ( rohan and rohang ) , as the official ethnicity of arakanese indians .		what did they stand for politically ?		rohingya community leaders were supportive of the 8888 uprising for democracy .		how did they try to push for it ?		how did rohingya people try to push for democracy in burma ?
rohingya people		rohingya political participation in burma		when did rohingya take interest in burma ?		calling for the recognition of the term " rohingya " , based on local indian names of arakan ( rohan and rohang ) , as the official ethnicity of arakanese indians .		what did they stand for politically ?		rohingya community leaders were supportive of the 8888 uprising for democracy .		how did they try to push for it ?		1990 , the rohingya - led national democratic party for human rights won four seats in the burmese parliament .		were they successful ?		was the rohingya 's national democratic party for human rights successful in gaining political power in burmese parliament ?
rohingya people		rohingya political participation in burma		when did rohingya take interest in burma ?		calling for the recognition of the term " rohingya " , based on local indian names of arakan ( rohan and rohang ) , as the official ethnicity of arakanese indians .		what did they stand for politically ?		rohingya community leaders were supportive of the 8888 uprising for democracy .		how did they try to push for it ?		1990 , the rohingya - led national democratic party for human rights won four seats in the burmese parliament .		were they successful ?		the burmese military junta banned the national democratic party for human rights in 1992 . its leaders were arrested , jailed and tortured .		what were some of their other goals and ideals ?		in addition to gaining parliament seats in burma , what were some of the rohingya 's national democratic party for human rights other goals and ideals ?
rohingya people		rohingya political participation in burma		when did rohingya take interest in burma ?		calling for the recognition of the term " rohingya " , based on local indian names of arakan ( rohan and rohang ) , as the official ethnicity of arakanese indians .		what did they stand for politically ?		rohingya community leaders were supportive of the 8888 uprising for democracy .		how did they try to push for it ?		1990 , the rohingya - led national democratic party for human rights won four seats in the burmese parliament .		were they successful ?		the burmese military junta banned the national democratic party for human rights in 1992 . its leaders were arrested , jailed and tortured .		what were some of their other goals and ideals ?		mahmud suggested that either rohingya - majority northern arakan remain under the central government or be made a separate province .		is that how the majority of people felt ?		in early 1990s , did the majority of burmese people felt that northern arakan to remain under the central government or it to be made a separate province ?
rohingya people		rohingya political participation in burma		when did rohingya take interest in burma ?		calling for the recognition of the term " rohingya " , based on local indian names of arakan ( rohan and rohang ) , as the official ethnicity of arakanese indians .		what did they stand for politically ?		rohingya community leaders were supportive of the 8888 uprising for democracy .		how did they try to push for it ?		1990 , the rohingya - led national democratic party for human rights won four seats in the burmese parliament .		were they successful ?		the burmese military junta banned the national democratic party for human rights in 1992 . its leaders were arrested , jailed and tortured .		what were some of their other goals and ideals ?		mahmud suggested that either rohingya - majority northern arakan remain under the central government or be made a separate province .		is that how the majority of people felt ?		however , during the burmese general election , 1960 , prime minister u nu 's pledges included making all of arakan into one province .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides rohingya 's political participation in burma , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
waldorf astoria new york		cocktail books		what 's the deal with cocktail books ?		what 's the deal with cocktail books ?
waldorf astoria new york		cocktail books		what 's the deal with cocktail books ?		albert stevens crockett , the hotel 's veteran publicist and historian , wrote his first cocktail book " old waldorf bar days "		when did he write this book ?		when did stevens write old waldorf bar days ?
waldorf astoria new york		cocktail books		what 's the deal with cocktail books ?		albert stevens crockett , the hotel 's veteran publicist and historian , wrote his first cocktail book " old waldorf bar days "		when did he write this book ?		" in 1931 during prohibition and the construction of the current hotel on park avenue .		did this book sell well ?		did old waldorf bar days sell well ?
waldorf astoria new york		cocktail books		what 's the deal with cocktail books ?		albert stevens crockett , the hotel 's veteran publicist and historian , wrote his first cocktail book " old waldorf bar days "		when did he write this book ?		" in 1931 during prohibition and the construction of the current hotel on park avenue .		did this book sell well ?		this edition was never reprinted .		what cocktails were in this book ?		what cocktails were in old waldorf bar days ?
waldorf astoria new york		cocktail books		what 's the deal with cocktail books ?		albert stevens crockett , the hotel 's veteran publicist and historian , wrote his first cocktail book " old waldorf bar days "		when did he write this book ?		" in 1931 during prohibition and the construction of the current hotel on park avenue .		did this book sell well ?		this edition was never reprinted .		what cocktails were in this book ?		clientele . the book contains crockett 's takes on the original hand - written leather bound book of recipes that was given to him at the time of the closure by bartender joseph taylor .		was this the only cocktail book ?		was old waldorf bar days the only cocktail book ?
waldorf astoria new york		cocktail books		what 's the deal with cocktail books ?		albert stevens crockett , the hotel 's veteran publicist and historian , wrote his first cocktail book " old waldorf bar days "		when did he write this book ?		" in 1931 during prohibition and the construction of the current hotel on park avenue .		did this book sell well ?		this edition was never reprinted .		what cocktails were in this book ?		clientele . the book contains crockett 's takes on the original hand - written leather bound book of recipes that was given to him at the time of the closure by bartender joseph taylor .		was this the only cocktail book ?		crockett wrote a second book , " the old waldorf astoria bar book " ,		when did he write this book ?		when did crockett write the old waldorf astoria bar book ?
waldorf astoria new york		cocktail books		what 's the deal with cocktail books ?		albert stevens crockett , the hotel 's veteran publicist and historian , wrote his first cocktail book " old waldorf bar days "		when did he write this book ?		" in 1931 during prohibition and the construction of the current hotel on park avenue .		did this book sell well ?		this edition was never reprinted .		what cocktails were in this book ?		clientele . the book contains crockett 's takes on the original hand - written leather bound book of recipes that was given to him at the time of the closure by bartender joseph taylor .		was this the only cocktail book ?		crockett wrote a second book , " the old waldorf astoria bar book " ,		when did he write this book ?		in 1934 ,		what cocktails were in this book ?		what cocktails were in the old waldorf astoria bar book ?
waldorf astoria new york		cocktail books		what 's the deal with cocktail books ?		albert stevens crockett , the hotel 's veteran publicist and historian , wrote his first cocktail book " old waldorf bar days "		when did he write this book ?		" in 1931 during prohibition and the construction of the current hotel on park avenue .		did this book sell well ?		this edition was never reprinted .		what cocktails were in this book ?		clientele . the book contains crockett 's takes on the original hand - written leather bound book of recipes that was given to him at the time of the closure by bartender joseph taylor .		was this the only cocktail book ?		crockett wrote a second book , " the old waldorf astoria bar book " ,		when did he write this book ?		in 1934 ,		what cocktails were in this book ?		crockett added nearly 150 more recipes , the bulk of which can be found in the " cuban concoctions " and " jamaican jollifers " chapters .		were there more cocktails in this book ?		were there more cocktails in the old waldorf astoria bar book ?
shaquille o'neal		law enforcement		what did shaq have to do with law enforcement		what did shaq have to do with law enforcement ?
shaquille o'neal		law enforcement		what did shaq have to do with law enforcement		o'neal went through the los angeles county sheriff 's reserve academy and became a reserve officer with the los angeles port police .		when did shaq become an officer		when did shaq become a police officer ?
shaquille o'neal		law enforcement		what did shaq have to do with law enforcement		o'neal went through the los angeles county sheriff 's reserve academy and became a reserve officer with the los angeles port police .		when did shaq become an officer		march 2 , 2005 , o'neal was given an honorary u.s. deputy marshal title		did he ever work as a cop		did shaq ever work as a cop ?
shaquille o'neal		law enforcement		what did shaq have to do with law enforcement		o'neal went through the los angeles county sheriff 's reserve academy and became a reserve officer with the los angeles port police .		when did shaq become an officer		march 2 , 2005 , o'neal was given an honorary u.s. deputy marshal title		did he ever work as a cop		on december 8 , 2005 , he was sworn in , but elected for a private ceremony to avoid distracting attention from the other officers .		what happened after the ceremony		what happened after shaq 's swearing - in ceremony ?
shaquille o'neal		law enforcement		what did shaq have to do with law enforcement		o'neal went through the los angeles county sheriff 's reserve academy and became a reserve officer with the los angeles port police .		when did shaq become an officer		march 2 , 2005 , o'neal was given an honorary u.s. deputy marshal title		did he ever work as a cop		on december 8 , 2005 , he was sworn in , but elected for a private ceremony to avoid distracting attention from the other officers .		what happened after the ceremony		shortly thereafter , in miami , o'neal witnessed a hate crime ( assaulting a man while calling out homophobic slurs ) and called miami - dade police , describing		what happened after he called		what happened after shaq called the miami - dade police to report the hate crime ?
shaquille o'neal		law enforcement		what did shaq have to do with law enforcement		o'neal went through the los angeles county sheriff 's reserve academy and became a reserve officer with the los angeles port police .		when did shaq become an officer		march 2 , 2005 , o'neal was given an honorary u.s. deputy marshal title		did he ever work as a cop		on december 8 , 2005 , he was sworn in , but elected for a private ceremony to avoid distracting attention from the other officers .		what happened after the ceremony		shortly thereafter , in miami , o'neal witnessed a hate crime ( assaulting a man while calling out homophobic slurs ) and called miami - dade police , describing		what happened after he called		o'neal 's actions resulted in the arrest of two suspects on charges of aggravated battery , assault , and a hate crime .		did he work in law enforcement any more after that		did shaq work in law enforcement any more after calling the miami - dade police about the hate crime ?
shaquille o'neal		law enforcement		what did shaq have to do with law enforcement		o'neal went through the los angeles county sheriff 's reserve academy and became a reserve officer with the los angeles port police .		when did shaq become an officer		march 2 , 2005 , o'neal was given an honorary u.s. deputy marshal title		did he ever work as a cop		on december 8 , 2005 , he was sworn in , but elected for a private ceremony to avoid distracting attention from the other officers .		what happened after the ceremony		shortly thereafter , in miami , o'neal witnessed a hate crime ( assaulting a man while calling out homophobic slurs ) and called miami - dade police , describing		what happened after he called		o'neal 's actions resulted in the arrest of two suspects on charges of aggravated battery , assault , and a hate crime .		did he work in law enforcement any more after that		in september 2006 , o'neal took part in a raid on a home in rural bedford county , virginia .		what happened in the raid		what happened in the virginia home raid shaq was a part of ?
shaquille o'neal		law enforcement		what did shaq have to do with law enforcement		o'neal went through the los angeles county sheriff 's reserve academy and became a reserve officer with the los angeles port police .		when did shaq become an officer		march 2 , 2005 , o'neal was given an honorary u.s. deputy marshal title		did he ever work as a cop		on december 8 , 2005 , he was sworn in , but elected for a private ceremony to avoid distracting attention from the other officers .		what happened after the ceremony		shortly thereafter , in miami , o'neal witnessed a hate crime ( assaulting a man while calling out homophobic slurs ) and called miami - dade police , describing		what happened after he called		o'neal 's actions resulted in the arrest of two suspects on charges of aggravated battery , assault , and a hate crime .		did he work in law enforcement any more after that		in september 2006 , o'neal took part in a raid on a home in rural bedford county , virginia .		what happened in the raid		i do n't know .		what happened after that		what happened after the raid on the virginia home shaq was a part of ?
shaquille o'neal		law enforcement		what did shaq have to do with law enforcement		o'neal went through the los angeles county sheriff 's reserve academy and became a reserve officer with the los angeles port police .		when did shaq become an officer		march 2 , 2005 , o'neal was given an honorary u.s. deputy marshal title		did he ever work as a cop		on december 8 , 2005 , he was sworn in , but elected for a private ceremony to avoid distracting attention from the other officers .		what happened after the ceremony		shortly thereafter , in miami , o'neal witnessed a hate crime ( assaulting a man while calling out homophobic slurs ) and called miami - dade police , describing		what happened after he called		o'neal 's actions resulted in the arrest of two suspects on charges of aggravated battery , assault , and a hate crime .		did he work in law enforcement any more after that		in september 2006 , o'neal took part in a raid on a home in rural bedford county , virginia .		what happened in the raid		i do n't know .		what happened after that		in december 2016 , o'neal was sworn in as a sheriff 's deputy in jonesboro ,		did he serve in jonesboro		did shaq serve as a sheriff 's deputy in jonesboro after being sworn in ?
shaquille o'neal		law enforcement		what did shaq have to do with law enforcement		o'neal went through the los angeles county sheriff 's reserve academy and became a reserve officer with the los angeles port police .		when did shaq become an officer		march 2 , 2005 , o'neal was given an honorary u.s. deputy marshal title		did he ever work as a cop		on december 8 , 2005 , he was sworn in , but elected for a private ceremony to avoid distracting attention from the other officers .		what happened after the ceremony		shortly thereafter , in miami , o'neal witnessed a hate crime ( assaulting a man while calling out homophobic slurs ) and called miami - dade police , describing		what happened after he called		o'neal 's actions resulted in the arrest of two suspects on charges of aggravated battery , assault , and a hate crime .		did he work in law enforcement any more after that		in september 2006 , o'neal took part in a raid on a home in rural bedford county , virginia .		what happened in the raid		i do n't know .		what happened after that		in december 2016 , o'neal was sworn in as a sheriff 's deputy in jonesboro ,		did he serve in jonesboro		sworn in as a sheriff 's deputy in jonesboro , georgia as part of clayton county , georgia sheriff 's department .		what happened next		what happened after shaq was sworn in as a sheriff 's deputy with the clayton county , georgia sheriff 's department ?
nicola sturgeon		2016 eu membership referendum		what was the membership referendum		what was the 2016 eu membership referendum
nicola sturgeon		2016 eu membership referendum		what was the membership referendum		to decide the future of the united kingdom 's european union membership		why did they have to decide the future		why did eu have to decide the future ?
nicola sturgeon		2016 eu membership referendum		what was the membership referendum		to decide the future of the united kingdom 's european union membership		why did they have to decide the future		for the united kingdom to remain a member of the eu .		what did the people want		what did the people want for uk ?
nicola sturgeon		2016 eu membership referendum		what was the membership referendum		to decide the future of the united kingdom 's european union membership		why did they have to decide the future		for the united kingdom to remain a member of the eu .		what did the people want		overall 52 % of voters in the united kingdom voted to leave the eu , with 48 % voting to remain .		what were the pros of leaving the eu		what were the pros of uk leaving the eu ?
nicola sturgeon		2016 eu membership referendum		what was the membership referendum		to decide the future of the united kingdom 's european union membership		why did they have to decide the future		for the united kingdom to remain a member of the eu .		what did the people want		overall 52 % of voters in the united kingdom voted to leave the eu , with 48 % voting to remain .		what were the pros of leaving the eu		i do n't know .		why did the majority want to leave the eu		why did the majority of uk voters want to leave the eu ?
nicola sturgeon		2016 eu membership referendum		what was the membership referendum		to decide the future of the united kingdom 's european union membership		why did they have to decide the future		for the united kingdom to remain a member of the eu .		what did the people want		overall 52 % of voters in the united kingdom voted to leave the eu , with 48 % voting to remain .		what were the pros of leaving the eu		i do n't know .		why did the majority want to leave the eu		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the 2016 eu membership referendum , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
nicola sturgeon		2016 eu membership referendum		what was the membership referendum		to decide the future of the united kingdom 's european union membership		why did they have to decide the future		for the united kingdom to remain a member of the eu .		what did the people want		overall 52 % of voters in the united kingdom voted to leave the eu , with 48 % voting to remain .		what were the pros of leaving the eu		i do n't know .		why did the majority want to leave the eu		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		sturgeon met with new uk prime minister theresa may in edinburgh on 15 july 2016 after the latter had made it clear that uk unity was a high priority .		why was it a high priority		why was uk unity a high priority
nicola sturgeon		2016 eu membership referendum		what was the membership referendum		to decide the future of the united kingdom 's european union membership		why did they have to decide the future		for the united kingdom to remain a member of the eu .		what did the people want		overall 52 % of voters in the united kingdom voted to leave the eu , with 48 % voting to remain .		what were the pros of leaving the eu		i do n't know .		why did the majority want to leave the eu		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		sturgeon met with new uk prime minister theresa may in edinburgh on 15 july 2016 after the latter had made it clear that uk unity was a high priority .		why was it a high priority		i do n't know .		what was the situation at the moment like		what was the situation of uk - eu referendum like ?
zenyatta		retirement		when was retirement ?		when was retirement ?
zenyatta		retirement		when was retirement ?		on november 17 , 2010 , zenyatta was slated to be retired .		was she injured ?		was zenyatta injured ?
zenyatta		retirement		when was retirement ?		on november 17 , 2010 , zenyatta was slated to be retired .		was she injured ?		i do n't know .		did she retire at that time ?		did zenyatta retire on november 17 , 2010 ?
zenyatta		retirement		when was retirement ?		on november 17 , 2010 , zenyatta was slated to be retired .		was she injured ?		i do n't know .		did she retire at that time ?		on february 23 , 2011 , she traveled by van to darley stud , where she was bred to bernardini .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from retirement are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
zenyatta		retirement		when was retirement ?		on november 17 , 2010 , zenyatta was slated to be retired .		was she injured ?		i do n't know .		did she retire at that time ?		on february 23 , 2011 , she traveled by van to darley stud , where she was bred to bernardini .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		zenyatta later give birth to a dark bay colt , eventually named cozmic one , on march 8 , 2012 .		did her colt go on to be a racing horde as well ?		did zenyatta 's colt go on to be a racing horde as well ?
zenyatta		retirement		when was retirement ?		on november 17 , 2010 , zenyatta was slated to be retired .		was she injured ?		i do n't know .		did she retire at that time ?		on february 23 , 2011 , she traveled by van to darley stud , where she was bred to bernardini .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		zenyatta later give birth to a dark bay colt , eventually named cozmic one , on march 8 , 2012 .		did her colt go on to be a racing horde as well ?		cozmic one had two starts in 2015 and performed poorly at the track . he has since been retired		who was her trainer ?		who was zenyatta 's trainer ?
zenyatta		retirement		when was retirement ?		on november 17 , 2010 , zenyatta was slated to be retired .		was she injured ?		i do n't know .		did she retire at that time ?		on february 23 , 2011 , she traveled by van to darley stud , where she was bred to bernardini .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		zenyatta later give birth to a dark bay colt , eventually named cozmic one , on march 8 , 2012 .		did her colt go on to be a racing horde as well ?		cozmic one had two starts in 2015 and performed poorly at the track . he has since been retired		who was her trainer ?		i do n't know .		what other things happened during her retirement ?		besides giving birth to a dark bay colt what other things happened during zenyatta 's retirement ?
zenyatta		retirement		when was retirement ?		on november 17 , 2010 , zenyatta was slated to be retired .		was she injured ?		i do n't know .		did she retire at that time ?		on february 23 , 2011 , she traveled by van to darley stud , where she was bred to bernardini .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		zenyatta later give birth to a dark bay colt , eventually named cozmic one , on march 8 , 2012 .		did her colt go on to be a racing horde as well ?		cozmic one had two starts in 2015 and performed poorly at the track . he has since been retired		who was her trainer ?		i do n't know .		what other things happened during her retirement ?		she delivered a chestnut colt , ziconic , on april 1 , 2013 , her 9th birthday .		did that colt go on to race as well ?		did ziconic go on to race as well ?
zenyatta		retirement		when was retirement ?		on november 17 , 2010 , zenyatta was slated to be retired .		was she injured ?		i do n't know .		did she retire at that time ?		on february 23 , 2011 , she traveled by van to darley stud , where she was bred to bernardini .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		zenyatta later give birth to a dark bay colt , eventually named cozmic one , on march 8 , 2012 .		did her colt go on to be a racing horde as well ?		cozmic one had two starts in 2015 and performed poorly at the track . he has since been retired		who was her trainer ?		i do n't know .		what other things happened during her retirement ?		she delivered a chestnut colt , ziconic , on april 1 , 2013 , her 9th birthday .		did that colt go on to race as well ?		ziconic began his racing career in 2016 , and , like his dam , demonstrates a last - to - first running style .		did she have any other colts ?		in addition to ziconic did zenyatta have any other colts ?
zenyatta		retirement		when was retirement ?		on november 17 , 2010 , zenyatta was slated to be retired .		was she injured ?		i do n't know .		did she retire at that time ?		on february 23 , 2011 , she traveled by van to darley stud , where she was bred to bernardini .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		zenyatta later give birth to a dark bay colt , eventually named cozmic one , on march 8 , 2012 .		did her colt go on to be a racing horde as well ?		cozmic one had two starts in 2015 and performed poorly at the track . he has since been retired		who was her trainer ?		i do n't know .		what other things happened during her retirement ?		she delivered a chestnut colt , ziconic , on april 1 , 2013 , her 9th birthday .		did that colt go on to race as well ?		ziconic began his racing career in 2016 , and , like his dam , demonstrates a last - to - first running style .		did she have any other colts ?		she delivered a dark bay filly , nicknamed " z princess , " on easter , april 20 , 2014 ,		did z princess also race ?		did z princess also race ?
zenyatta		retirement		when was retirement ?		on november 17 , 2010 , zenyatta was slated to be retired .		was she injured ?		i do n't know .		did she retire at that time ?		on february 23 , 2011 , she traveled by van to darley stud , where she was bred to bernardini .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		zenyatta later give birth to a dark bay colt , eventually named cozmic one , on march 8 , 2012 .		did her colt go on to be a racing horde as well ?		cozmic one had two starts in 2015 and performed poorly at the track . he has since been retired		who was her trainer ?		i do n't know .		what other things happened during her retirement ?		she delivered a chestnut colt , ziconic , on april 1 , 2013 , her 9th birthday .		did that colt go on to race as well ?		ziconic began his racing career in 2016 , and , like his dam , demonstrates a last - to - first running style .		did she have any other colts ?		she delivered a dark bay filly , nicknamed " z princess , " on easter , april 20 , 2014 ,		did z princess also race ?		the filly was euthanized as a weanling on october 28 , 2014		why did that happen ?		why did euthanized happen ?
zenyatta		retirement		when was retirement ?		on november 17 , 2010 , zenyatta was slated to be retired .		was she injured ?		i do n't know .		did she retire at that time ?		on february 23 , 2011 , she traveled by van to darley stud , where she was bred to bernardini .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		zenyatta later give birth to a dark bay colt , eventually named cozmic one , on march 8 , 2012 .		did her colt go on to be a racing horde as well ?		cozmic one had two starts in 2015 and performed poorly at the track . he has since been retired		who was her trainer ?		i do n't know .		what other things happened during her retirement ?		she delivered a chestnut colt , ziconic , on april 1 , 2013 , her 9th birthday .		did that colt go on to race as well ?		ziconic began his racing career in 2016 , and , like his dam , demonstrates a last - to - first running style .		did she have any other colts ?		she delivered a dark bay filly , nicknamed " z princess , " on easter , april 20 , 2014 ,		did z princess also race ?		the filly was euthanized as a weanling on october 28 , 2014		why did that happen ?		an accident in the paddock .		did she have more colts after that ?		did zenyatta have more colts after euthanized ?
george burns		final years and death		how old was george burns when he died ?		how old was george burns when he died ?
george burns		final years and death		how old was george burns when he died ?		on march 9 , 1996 , 49 days after his centenary , burns died in his beverly hills home at age 100 .		did he make any films during his final years ?		did george burns make any films during his final years ?
george burns		final years and death		how old was george burns when he died ?		on march 9 , 1996 , 49 days after his centenary , burns died in his beverly hills home at age 100 .		did he make any films during his final years ?		i do n't know .		what did he do in his final years ?		what did george burns do in his final years ?
george burns		final years and death		how old was george burns when he died ?		on march 9 , 1996 , 49 days after his centenary , burns died in his beverly hills home at age 100 .		did he make any films during his final years ?		i do n't know .		what did he do in his final years ?		his final public appearance was in at the mcg in melbourne , australia , where he opened the 1996 afl premiership season on february 8 .		did he make any other appearances before the one in melbourne , australia ?		did george burns make any other appearances other than the one in melbourne , australia ?
george burns		final years and death		how old was george burns when he died ?		on march 9 , 1996 , 49 days after his centenary , burns died in his beverly hills home at age 100 .		did he make any films during his final years ?		i do n't know .		what did he do in his final years ?		his final public appearance was in at the mcg in melbourne , australia , where he opened the 1996 afl premiership season on february 8 .		did he make any other appearances before the one in melbourne , australia ?		he had signed a lifetime contract with caesar 's palace in las vegas to perform stand - up comedy there , which included the guarantee of a show on his centenary ,		did he perform with any other comedians ?		did george burns perform together with any other comedians ?
george burns		final years and death		how old was george burns when he died ?		on march 9 , 1996 , 49 days after his centenary , burns died in his beverly hills home at age 100 .		did he make any films during his final years ?		i do n't know .		what did he do in his final years ?		his final public appearance was in at the mcg in melbourne , australia , where he opened the 1996 afl premiership season on february 8 .		did he make any other appearances before the one in melbourne , australia ?		he had signed a lifetime contract with caesar 's palace in las vegas to perform stand - up comedy there , which included the guarantee of a show on his centenary ,		did he perform with any other comedians ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting facts ?		are there any other interesting facts about george burns in addition to his performances ?
george burns		final years and death		how old was george burns when he died ?		on march 9 , 1996 , 49 days after his centenary , burns died in his beverly hills home at age 100 .		did he make any films during his final years ?		i do n't know .		what did he do in his final years ?		his final public appearance was in at the mcg in melbourne , australia , where he opened the 1996 afl premiership season on february 8 .		did he make any other appearances before the one in melbourne , australia ?		he had signed a lifetime contract with caesar 's palace in las vegas to perform stand - up comedy there , which included the guarantee of a show on his centenary ,		did he perform with any other comedians ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting facts ?		burns remained in good health for most of his life , in part thanks to a daily exercise regimen of swimming , walks , sit - ups , and push - ups .		what was his cause of death ?		what was george burn 's cause of death ?
george burns		final years and death		how old was george burns when he died ?		on march 9 , 1996 , 49 days after his centenary , burns died in his beverly hills home at age 100 .		did he make any films during his final years ?		i do n't know .		what did he do in his final years ?		his final public appearance was in at the mcg in melbourne , australia , where he opened the 1996 afl premiership season on february 8 .		did he make any other appearances before the one in melbourne , australia ?		he had signed a lifetime contract with caesar 's palace in las vegas to perform stand - up comedy there , which included the guarantee of a show on his centenary ,		did he perform with any other comedians ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting facts ?		burns remained in good health for most of his life , in part thanks to a daily exercise regimen of swimming , walks , sit - ups , and push - ups .		what was his cause of death ?		where he reportedly caught the flu , which weakened him further .		was he sick for very long ?		was george burns sick for very long ?
mary shelley		final years and death		what year did mary die ?		what year did mary shelley die ?
mary shelley		final years and death		what year did mary die ?		1851 ,		was mary married ?		was mary shelley married ?
mary shelley		final years and death		what year did mary die ?		1851 ,		was mary married ?		i do n't know .		how did mary die ?		how did mary shelley die ?
mary shelley		final years and death		what year did mary die ?		1851 ,		was mary married ?		i do n't know .		how did mary die ?		her physician suspected was a brain tumour .		where did mary die ?		where did mary shelley die ?
mary shelley		final years and death		what year did mary die ?		1851 ,		was mary married ?		i do n't know .		how did mary die ?		her physician suspected was a brain tumour .		where did mary die ?		chester square ,		where was mary buried ?		where was mary shelley buried ?
mary shelley		final years and death		what year did mary die ?		1851 ,		was mary married ?		i do n't know .		how did mary die ?		her physician suspected was a brain tumour .		where did mary die ?		chester square ,		where was mary buried ?		st peter 's church , bournemouth , near their new home at boscombe .		did she have any children ?		did mary shelley have any children ?
mary shelley		final years and death		what year did mary die ?		1851 ,		was mary married ?		i do n't know .		how did mary die ?		her physician suspected was a brain tumour .		where did mary die ?		chester square ,		where was mary buried ?		st peter 's church , bournemouth , near their new home at boscombe .		did she have any children ?		son		what was her son 's name ?		what was mary shelley 's son 's name ?
nelson rockefeller		presidential mission to latin america		what president did nelson work with ?		what president did nelson rockefeller work with ?
nelson rockefeller		presidential mission to latin america		what president did nelson work with ?		richard nixon		what was the reason nixon did this ?		what was the reason richard nixon worked with nelson rockefeller ?
nelson rockefeller		presidential mission to latin america		what president did nelson work with ?		richard nixon		what was the reason nixon did this ?		the perception was that the alliance for progress was a failure ,		why was this a failure ?		why was the alliance for progress failure ?
nelson rockefeller		presidential mission to latin america		what president did nelson work with ?		richard nixon		what was the reason nixon did this ?		the perception was that the alliance for progress was a failure ,		why was this a failure ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting ?		besides nelson rockefeller working with president nixon , and the alliance for progress , is there anything else interesting about this article ?
nelson rockefeller		presidential mission to latin america		what president did nelson work with ?		richard nixon		what was the reason nixon did this ?		the perception was that the alliance for progress was a failure ,		why was this a failure ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting ?		nixon appointed his most powerful political rival , new york governor nelson rockefeller to direct the study .		did they get along well ?		did nelson rockefeller and richard nixon get along well ?
nelson rockefeller		presidential mission to latin america		what president did nelson work with ?		richard nixon		what was the reason nixon did this ?		the perception was that the alliance for progress was a failure ,		why was this a failure ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting ?		nixon appointed his most powerful political rival , new york governor nelson rockefeller to direct the study .		did they get along well ?		the poor relationship between the two politicians suggested that nixon would not be that interested in the results		what did the rockefeller report say ?		what did the nelson rockefeller report , directed by richard nixon , say ?
nelson rockefeller		presidential mission to latin america		what president did nelson work with ?		richard nixon		what was the reason nixon did this ?		the perception was that the alliance for progress was a failure ,		why was this a failure ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting ?		nixon appointed his most powerful political rival , new york governor nelson rockefeller to direct the study .		did they get along well ?		the poor relationship between the two politicians suggested that nixon would not be that interested in the results		what did the rockefeller report say ?		the major part of the rockefeller report suggested a reduction of u.s. involvement , "		did the report say anything else ?		besides suggesting a reduction of u.s. involvment , did the nelson rockefeller report say anything else ?
nelson rockefeller		presidential mission to latin america		what president did nelson work with ?		richard nixon		what was the reason nixon did this ?		the perception was that the alliance for progress was a failure ,		why was this a failure ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting ?		nixon appointed his most powerful political rival , new york governor nelson rockefeller to direct the study .		did they get along well ?		the poor relationship between the two politicians suggested that nixon would not be that interested in the results		what did the rockefeller report say ?		the major part of the rockefeller report suggested a reduction of u.s. involvement , "		did the report say anything else ?		called for some aid to continue , but the report recommended creating more effective aid programs .		did the report result in any lasting change ?		did the nelson rockefeller report result in any lasting change ?
jarnail singh bhindranwale		protests		what were the protests ?		what were the protests involving jarnail singh bhindranwale ?
jarnail singh bhindranwale		protests		what were the protests ?		on 13 april 1978 , a group of amritdhari sikhs of akhand kirtani jatha went to protest against nirankaris . the resulting violence led to the death of thirteen sikhs .		what else happened due to the violence ?		what else happened besides the death of thirteen sikhs due to the violence occurring in the protests against nirankaris ?
jarnail singh bhindranwale		protests		what were the protests ?		on 13 april 1978 , a group of amritdhari sikhs of akhand kirtani jatha went to protest against nirankaris . the resulting violence led to the death of thirteen sikhs .		what else happened due to the violence ?		created a sentiment amongst some that if the government and judiciary would not prosecute perceived enemies of sikhism , taking extrajudical measures could be justified .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the violence of the protests involving jarnail singh bhindranwale , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
jarnail singh bhindranwale		protests		what were the protests ?		on 13 april 1978 , a group of amritdhari sikhs of akhand kirtani jatha went to protest against nirankaris . the resulting violence led to the death of thirteen sikhs .		what else happened due to the violence ?		created a sentiment amongst some that if the government and judiciary would not prosecute perceived enemies of sikhism , taking extrajudical measures could be justified .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		when the nirankari baba was himself shot to death on 24 april 1980 , the baba 's followers named bhindranwale as a suspect ,		what came of this ?		what came of the nirankari baba 's followers naming bhindranwale as a murder suspect ?
jarnail singh bhindranwale		protests		what were the protests ?		on 13 april 1978 , a group of amritdhari sikhs of akhand kirtani jatha went to protest against nirankaris . the resulting violence led to the death of thirteen sikhs .		what else happened due to the violence ?		created a sentiment amongst some that if the government and judiciary would not prosecute perceived enemies of sikhism , taking extrajudical measures could be justified .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		when the nirankari baba was himself shot to death on 24 april 1980 , the baba 's followers named bhindranwale as a suspect ,		what came of this ?		even though he was nowhere near the scene of the incident . several of his associates and relatives were arrested .		were they set free ?		were brindranwale 's associates and relatives set free ?
jarnail singh bhindranwale		occupation of the golden temple		what was the occupation of the golden temple ?		what was the occupation of the golden temple ?
jarnail singh bhindranwale		occupation of the golden temple		what was the occupation of the golden temple ?		in july 1982 , longowal invited jarnail singh bindranwale to take up residence at the golden temple compound .		how long was bindranwale at the temple ?		how long was bindranwale at the golden temple ?
jarnail singh bhindranwale		occupation of the golden temple		what was the occupation of the golden temple ?		in july 1982 , longowal invited jarnail singh bindranwale to take up residence at the golden temple compound .		how long was bindranwale at the temple ?		i do n't know .		where did he go afterwards ?		where did bindranwale go after the golden temple ?
jarnail singh bhindranwale		occupation of the golden temple		what was the occupation of the golden temple ?		in july 1982 , longowal invited jarnail singh bindranwale to take up residence at the golden temple compound .		how long was bindranwale at the temple ?		i do n't know .		where did he go afterwards ?		for the golden temple to start a campaign for their release there .		what were the followers arrested for ?		what were the golden temple followers arrested for ?
jarnail singh bhindranwale		occupation of the golden temple		what was the occupation of the golden temple ?		in july 1982 , longowal invited jarnail singh bindranwale to take up residence at the golden temple compound .		how long was bindranwale at the temple ?		i do n't know .		where did he go afterwards ?		for the golden temple to start a campaign for their release there .		what were the followers arrested for ?		i do n't know .		anything else interesting happen during the occupation of the golden temple ?		anything else interesting happen during the occupation of the golden temple , aside from campaigning for prisoners release ?
luis walter alvarez		early work		what was his earliest work ?		what was luis walter alvarez 's earliest work ?
luis walter alvarez		early work		what was his earliest work ?		after he completed his oral exams in 1936 ,		was it successful ?		was luis walter alvarez successful in completing his oral exams in 1936 ?
luis walter alvarez		early work		what was his earliest work ?		after he completed his oral exams in 1936 ,		was it successful ?		a telegram soon arrived from gladys with a job offer from lawrence .		did he accept ?		did luis walter alvarez accept a job offer from lawrence ?
luis walter alvarez		early work		what was his earliest work ?		after he completed his oral exams in 1936 ,		was it successful ?		a telegram soon arrived from gladys with a job offer from lawrence .		did he accept ?		headed for california .		what did he do when he got there ?		what did luis walter alvarez do when he got to california ?
luis walter alvarez		early work		what was his earliest work ?		after he completed his oral exams in 1936 ,		was it successful ?		a telegram soon arrived from gladys with a job offer from lawrence .		did he accept ?		headed for california .		what did he do when he got there ?		at the radiation laboratory he worked with lawrence 's experimental team ,		did he marry ?		did luis walter alvarez marry ?
luis walter alvarez		early work		what was his earliest work ?		after he completed his oral exams in 1936 ,		was it successful ?		a telegram soon arrived from gladys with a job offer from lawrence .		did he accept ?		headed for california .		what did he do when he got there ?		at the radiation laboratory he worked with lawrence 's experimental team ,		did he marry ?		geraldine smithwick ,		where any children born ?		where any children born to luis walter alvarez and geraldine smithwick ?
luis walter alvarez		early work		what was his earliest work ?		after he completed his oral exams in 1936 ,		was it successful ?		a telegram soon arrived from gladys with a job offer from lawrence .		did he accept ?		headed for california .		what did he do when he got there ?		at the radiation laboratory he worked with lawrence 's experimental team ,		did he marry ?		geraldine smithwick ,		where any children born ?		they had two children , walter and jean .		did he continue his work ?		did luis walter alvarez continue his work ?
luis walter alvarez		early work		what was his earliest work ?		after he completed his oral exams in 1936 ,		was it successful ?		a telegram soon arrived from gladys with a job offer from lawrence .		did he accept ?		headed for california .		what did he do when he got there ?		at the radiation laboratory he worked with lawrence 's experimental team ,		did he marry ?		geraldine smithwick ,		where any children born ?		they had two children , walter and jean .		did he continue his work ?		alvarez devised a set of experiments to observe k - electron capture in radioactive nuclei ,		what was the result of those experienment ?		what were the results of luis walter alvarez 's experiments to observe k - electron capture in radioactive nuclei ?
luis walter alvarez		early work		what was his earliest work ?		after he completed his oral exams in 1936 ,		was it successful ?		a telegram soon arrived from gladys with a job offer from lawrence .		did he accept ?		headed for california .		what did he do when he got there ?		at the radiation laboratory he worked with lawrence 's experimental team ,		did he marry ?		geraldine smithwick ,		where any children born ?		they had two children , walter and jean .		did he continue his work ?		alvarez devised a set of experiments to observe k - electron capture in radioactive nuclei ,		what was the result of those experienment ?		predicted by the beta decay theory but never observed .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article on luis walter alvarez other than his experiments to observe k - electron capture in radioactive nuclei ?
luis walter alvarez		early work		what was his earliest work ?		after he completed his oral exams in 1936 ,		was it successful ?		a telegram soon arrived from gladys with a job offer from lawrence .		did he accept ?		headed for california .		what did he do when he got there ?		at the radiation laboratory he worked with lawrence 's experimental team ,		did he marry ?		geraldine smithwick ,		where any children born ?		they had two children , walter and jean .		did he continue his work ?		alvarez devised a set of experiments to observe k - electron capture in radioactive nuclei ,		what was the result of those experienment ?		predicted by the beta decay theory but never observed .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1938 , again using his knowledge of the cyclotron and inventing what are now known as time - of - flight techniques ,		did he invent anything ?		did luis walter alvarez invent anything ?
luis walter alvarez		early work		what was his earliest work ?		after he completed his oral exams in 1936 ,		was it successful ?		a telegram soon arrived from gladys with a job offer from lawrence .		did he accept ?		headed for california .		what did he do when he got there ?		at the radiation laboratory he worked with lawrence 's experimental team ,		did he marry ?		geraldine smithwick ,		where any children born ?		they had two children , walter and jean .		did he continue his work ?		alvarez devised a set of experiments to observe k - electron capture in radioactive nuclei ,		what was the result of those experienment ?		predicted by the beta decay theory but never observed .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1938 , again using his knowledge of the cyclotron and inventing what are now known as time - of - flight techniques ,		did he invent anything ?		foundation of the thermonuclear weapon		did he win any awards ?		did luis walter alvarez win any awards ?
judas priest		sad wings of destiny ( 1975 - 1977 )		what happened in 1975 ?		what happened to judas priest in 1975 ?
judas priest		sad wings of destiny ( 1975 - 1977 )		what happened in 1975 ?		the band recorded sad wings of destiny over two weeks in november and december 1975 at rockfield studios in wales .		was the album successful ?		was the sad wings of destiny album successful ?
judas priest		sad wings of destiny ( 1975 - 1977 )		what happened in 1975 ?		the band recorded sad wings of destiny over two weeks in november and december 1975 at rockfield studios in wales .		was the album successful ?		the album had little commercial success at first and had difficulty getting noticed due to critical competition from the rise of punk rock ,		did it eventually become successful ?		did sad wings of destiny eventually become successful ?
judas priest		sad wings of destiny ( 1975 - 1977 )		what happened in 1975 ?		the band recorded sad wings of destiny over two weeks in november and december 1975 at rockfield studios in wales .		was the album successful ?		the album had little commercial success at first and had difficulty getting noticed due to critical competition from the rise of punk rock ,		did it eventually become successful ?		it peaked at no . 48 in the uk and had a positive review in rolling stone .		did they tour at all ?		did judas priest tour at all ?
judas priest		sad wings of destiny ( 1975 - 1977 )		what happened in 1975 ?		the band recorded sad wings of destiny over two weeks in november and december 1975 at rockfield studios in wales .		was the album successful ?		the album had little commercial success at first and had difficulty getting noticed due to critical competition from the rise of punk rock ,		did it eventually become successful ?		it peaked at no . 48 in the uk and had a positive review in rolling stone .		did they tour at all ?		the band supported the album with a headlining tour of the uk from april to june 1976 .		did they have any hit singles ?		did judas priest have any hit singles ?
judas priest		sad wings of destiny ( 1975 - 1977 )		what happened in 1975 ?		the band recorded sad wings of destiny over two weeks in november and december 1975 at rockfield studios in wales .		was the album successful ?		the album had little commercial success at first and had difficulty getting noticed due to critical competition from the rise of punk rock ,		did it eventually become successful ?		it peaked at no . 48 in the uk and had a positive review in rolling stone .		did they tour at all ?		the band supported the album with a headlining tour of the uk from april to june 1976 .		did they have any hit singles ?		with " the ripper " as lead single .		did this single chart ?		did " the ripper " single chart ?
judas priest		sad wings of destiny ( 1975 - 1977 )		what happened in 1975 ?		the band recorded sad wings of destiny over two weeks in november and december 1975 at rockfield studios in wales .		was the album successful ?		the album had little commercial success at first and had difficulty getting noticed due to critical competition from the rise of punk rock ,		did it eventually become successful ?		it peaked at no . 48 in the uk and had a positive review in rolling stone .		did they tour at all ?		the band supported the album with a headlining tour of the uk from april to june 1976 .		did they have any hit singles ?		with " the ripper " as lead single .		did this single chart ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the tour and " the ripper " single release , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
ngo dinh diem		socio - economic policies		what was one of ngo dinh diem 's most famous socio - economic policies ?		what was one of ngo dinh diem 's most famous socio - economic policies ?
ngo dinh diem		socio - economic policies		what was one of ngo dinh diem 's most famous socio - economic policies ?		during his presidency , diem imposed programs to reform saigon society in accordance with catholic and confucian values .		what is an example of a program that he started to reform society ?		what is an example of a program that ngo dinh diem started to reform society ?
ngo dinh diem		socio - economic policies		what was one of ngo dinh diem 's most famous socio - economic policies ?		during his presidency , diem imposed programs to reform saigon society in accordance with catholic and confucian values .		what is an example of a program that he started to reform society ?		brothels and opium dens were closed , divorce and abortion were made illegal , and adultery laws were strengthened .		what were the effects of these policies that diem implemented ?		what were the effects of socio - economic policies that diem implemented ?
ngo dinh diem		socio - economic policies		what was one of ngo dinh diem 's most famous socio - economic policies ?		during his presidency , diem imposed programs to reform saigon society in accordance with catholic and confucian values .		what is an example of a program that he started to reform society ?		brothels and opium dens were closed , divorce and abortion were made illegal , and adultery laws were strengthened .		what were the effects of these policies that diem implemented ?		i do n't know .		were these schools and universities connected to the catholicism and confucianism that you mentioned earlier ?		were schools and universities connected to the catholicism and confucianism ?
ngo dinh diem		socio - economic policies		what was one of ngo dinh diem 's most famous socio - economic policies ?		during his presidency , diem imposed programs to reform saigon society in accordance with catholic and confucian values .		what is an example of a program that he started to reform society ?		brothels and opium dens were closed , divorce and abortion were made illegal , and adultery laws were strengthened .		what were the effects of these policies that diem implemented ?		i do n't know .		were these schools and universities connected to the catholicism and confucianism that you mentioned earlier ?		i do n't know .		were the schools and universities that diem established open to everyone ?		were schools and universities that diem established open to everyone ?
ngo dinh diem		socio - economic policies		what was one of ngo dinh diem 's most famous socio - economic policies ?		during his presidency , diem imposed programs to reform saigon society in accordance with catholic and confucian values .		what is an example of a program that he started to reform society ?		brothels and opium dens were closed , divorce and abortion were made illegal , and adultery laws were strengthened .		what were the effects of these policies that diem implemented ?		i do n't know .		were these schools and universities connected to the catholicism and confucianism that you mentioned earlier ?		i do n't know .		were the schools and universities that diem established open to everyone ?		i do n't know .		was there any pushback against these new policies that diem implemented ?		was there any pushback against the new soci0-economix policies that diem implemented ?
ngo dinh diem		socio - economic policies		what was one of ngo dinh diem 's most famous socio - economic policies ?		during his presidency , diem imposed programs to reform saigon society in accordance with catholic and confucian values .		what is an example of a program that he started to reform society ?		brothels and opium dens were closed , divorce and abortion were made illegal , and adultery laws were strengthened .		what were the effects of these policies that diem implemented ?		i do n't know .		were these schools and universities connected to the catholicism and confucianism that you mentioned earlier ?		i do n't know .		were the schools and universities that diem established open to everyone ?		i do n't know .		was there any pushback against these new policies that diem implemented ?		i do n't know .		were there any other positive effects of the policies besides the opening of schools ?		were there any other positive effects of the socio - economic policies besides the opening of schools ?
ngo dinh diem		socio - economic policies		what was one of ngo dinh diem 's most famous socio - economic policies ?		during his presidency , diem imposed programs to reform saigon society in accordance with catholic and confucian values .		what is an example of a program that he started to reform society ?		brothels and opium dens were closed , divorce and abortion were made illegal , and adultery laws were strengthened .		what were the effects of these policies that diem implemented ?		i do n't know .		were these schools and universities connected to the catholicism and confucianism that you mentioned earlier ?		i do n't know .		were the schools and universities that diem established open to everyone ?		i do n't know .		was there any pushback against these new policies that diem implemented ?		i do n't know .		were there any other positive effects of the policies besides the opening of schools ?		... according to diem , the values of traditional culture , along with catholic and confucian values were powerful in the fight against materialism .		why was diem against materialism ?		why was diem against materialism ?
lady randolph churchill		later marriages		how many marriages did she have ?		how many marriages did lady randolph churchill have ?
lady randolph churchill		later marriages		how many marriages did she have ?		her third marriage ,		how did her second marriage end ?		how did lady randolph churchill 's second marriage end ?
lady randolph churchill		later marriages		how many marriages did she have ?		her third marriage ,		how did her second marriage end ?		and they were divorced in april 1914 , whereupon , in a bit of irony , cornwallis - west married mrs. campbell .		did she have an affairs ?		did lady randolph churchill have affairs ?
lady randolph churchill		later marriages		how many marriages did she have ?		her third marriage ,		how did her second marriage end ?		and they were divorced in april 1914 , whereupon , in a bit of irony , cornwallis - west married mrs. campbell .		did she have an affairs ?		i do n't know .		who was her second husband ?		who was lady randolph churchill 's second husband ?
lady randolph churchill		later marriages		how many marriages did she have ?		her third marriage ,		how did her second marriage end ?		and they were divorced in april 1914 , whereupon , in a bit of irony , cornwallis - west married mrs. campbell .		did she have an affairs ?		i do n't know .		who was her second husband ?		george cornwallis - west ,		when did she get married for the third time ?		when did lady randolph churchill get married for the third time ?
lady randolph churchill		later marriages		how many marriages did she have ?		her third marriage ,		how did her second marriage end ?		and they were divorced in april 1914 , whereupon , in a bit of irony , cornwallis - west married mrs. campbell .		did she have an affairs ?		i do n't know .		who was her second husband ?		george cornwallis - west ,		when did she get married for the third time ?		on 1 june 1918 ,		did this marriage last ?		did lady randolph churchill 's marriage on 1 june 1918 last ?
lady randolph churchill		later marriages		how many marriages did she have ?		her third marriage ,		how did her second marriage end ?		and they were divorced in april 1914 , whereupon , in a bit of irony , cornwallis - west married mrs. campbell .		did she have an affairs ?		i do n't know .		who was her second husband ?		george cornwallis - west ,		when did she get married for the third time ?		on 1 june 1918 ,		did this marriage last ?		after jennie 's death , he returned to west africa , where his business investments had proven successful .		when did she die ?		when did lady randolph churchill die ?
richard wagner		influence on music		what influence he had		what influence did richard wagner have ?
richard wagner		influence on music		what influence he had		wagner inspired great devotion .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than inspiring great devotion , are there any other interesting aspects about richard wagner ?
richard wagner		influence on music		what influence he had		wagner inspired great devotion .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		for a long period , many composers were inclined to align themselves with or against wagner 's music .		what else was known		besides the composers ' inclination to wagner , what else was known about wagner ?
richard wagner		influence on music		what influence he had		wagner inspired great devotion .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		for a long period , many composers were inclined to align themselves with or against wagner 's music .		what else was known		anton bruckner and hugo wolf were greatly indebted to him ,		who else		other than anton bruckner and hugo wolf , who else was indebted to wagner ?
richard wagner		influence on music		what influence he had		wagner inspired great devotion .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		for a long period , many composers were inclined to align themselves with or against wagner 's music .		what else was known		anton bruckner and hugo wolf were greatly indebted to him ,		who else		as were cesar franck ,		what else stood out in this article		aside from wagner 's influence on others , what else stood out about wagner ?
richard wagner		influence on music		what influence he had		wagner inspired great devotion .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		for a long period , many composers were inclined to align themselves with or against wagner 's music .		what else was known		anton bruckner and hugo wolf were greatly indebted to him ,		who else		as were cesar franck ,		what else stood out in this article		amongst those claiming inspiration from wagner 's music are the german band rammstein ,		what kind of music he made		what kind of music did richard wagner make ?
richard wagner		influence on music		what influence he had		wagner inspired great devotion .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		for a long period , many composers were inclined to align themselves with or against wagner 's music .		what else was known		anton bruckner and hugo wolf were greatly indebted to him ,		who else		as were cesar franck ,		what else stood out in this article		amongst those claiming inspiration from wagner 's music are the german band rammstein ,		what kind of music he made		harmony , melodic process ( leitmotif ) and operatic structure .		what else was he known for		besides harmony , melodic process ( leitmotif ) and operatic structure kind of music , what else was richard wagner known for ?
richard wagner		influence on music		what influence he had		wagner inspired great devotion .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		for a long period , many composers were inclined to align themselves with or against wagner 's music .		what else was known		anton bruckner and hugo wolf were greatly indebted to him ,		who else		as were cesar franck ,		what else stood out in this article		amongst those claiming inspiration from wagner 's music are the german band rammstein ,		what kind of music he made		harmony , melodic process ( leitmotif ) and operatic structure .		what else was he known for		wagner as " the father of heavy metal		what songs he made		what songs did wagner make ?
richard wagner		influence on music		what influence he had		wagner inspired great devotion .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		for a long period , many composers were inclined to align themselves with or against wagner 's music .		what else was known		anton bruckner and hugo wolf were greatly indebted to him ,		who else		as were cesar franck ,		what else stood out in this article		amongst those claiming inspiration from wagner 's music are the german band rammstein ,		what kind of music he made		harmony , melodic process ( leitmotif ) and operatic structure .		what else was he known for		wagner as " the father of heavy metal		what songs he made		timewind		any other songs		did wagner make any other songs in addition to timewind .
richard wagner		influence on music		what influence he had		wagner inspired great devotion .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		for a long period , many composers were inclined to align themselves with or against wagner 's music .		what else was known		anton bruckner and hugo wolf were greatly indebted to him ,		who else		as were cesar franck ,		what else stood out in this article		amongst those claiming inspiration from wagner 's music are the german band rammstein ,		what kind of music he made		harmony , melodic process ( leitmotif ) and operatic structure .		what else was he known for		wagner as " the father of heavy metal		what songs he made		timewind		any other songs		i do n't know .		what else did you read		aside from wagner 's influence , type of music and songs , what else did you read about wagner ?
richard wagner		influence on music		what influence he had		wagner inspired great devotion .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		for a long period , many composers were inclined to align themselves with or against wagner 's music .		what else was known		anton bruckner and hugo wolf were greatly indebted to him ,		who else		as were cesar franck ,		what else stood out in this article		amongst those claiming inspiration from wagner 's music are the german band rammstein ,		what kind of music he made		harmony , melodic process ( leitmotif ) and operatic structure .		what else was he known for		wagner as " the father of heavy metal		what songs he made		timewind		any other songs		i do n't know .		what else did you read		the italian form of operatic realism known as verismo owed much to the wagnerian concept of musical form .		what else did he influence		aside from the inspiration of great devotion , what else did wagner influence ?
ezio pinza		operatic success		when did he start performing in operas ?		when did ezio pinza start performing in operas ?
ezio pinza		operatic success		when did he start performing in operas ?		pinza 's metropolitan opera debut occurred in november 1926 in spontini 's la vestale ,		was he immediately successful ?		was ezio pinza immediately successful ?
ezio pinza		operatic success		when did he start performing in operas ?		pinza 's metropolitan opera debut occurred in november 1926 in spontini 's la vestale ,		was he immediately successful ?		i do n't know .		has he worked with anyone notable ?		has ezio pinza worked with anyone notable ?
ezio pinza		operatic success		when did he start performing in operas ?		pinza 's metropolitan opera debut occurred in november 1926 in spontini 's la vestale ,		was he immediately successful ?		i do n't know .		has he worked with anyone notable ?		in spontini 's la vestale , with famed american soprano rosa ponselle in the title role .		what other operas has he been a success in ?		besides la vestale , what other operas has ezio pinza been a success in ?
ezio pinza		operatic success		when did he start performing in operas ?		pinza 's metropolitan opera debut occurred in november 1926 in spontini 's la vestale ,		was he immediately successful ?		i do n't know .		has he worked with anyone notable ?		in spontini 's la vestale , with famed american soprano rosa ponselle in the title role .		what other operas has he been a success in ?		in 1929 , he sang don giovanni , a role with which he was subsequently to become closely identified . he subsequently added the mozart roles		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to ezio pinza 's role in la vestale and his performance of don giovanni , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
ezio pinza		operatic success		when did he start performing in operas ?		pinza 's metropolitan opera debut occurred in november 1926 in spontini 's la vestale ,		was he immediately successful ?		i do n't know .		has he worked with anyone notable ?		in spontini 's la vestale , with famed american soprano rosa ponselle in the title role .		what other operas has he been a success in ?		in 1929 , he sang don giovanni , a role with which he was subsequently to become closely identified . he subsequently added the mozart roles		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		apart from the met , pinza appeared at the royal opera house ,		what operas did he perform at the royal opera house ?		what operas did ezio pinza perform at the royal opera house ?
ezio pinza		operatic success		when did he start performing in operas ?		pinza 's metropolitan opera debut occurred in november 1926 in spontini 's la vestale ,		was he immediately successful ?		i do n't know .		has he worked with anyone notable ?		in spontini 's la vestale , with famed american soprano rosa ponselle in the title role .		what other operas has he been a success in ?		in 1929 , he sang don giovanni , a role with which he was subsequently to become closely identified . he subsequently added the mozart roles		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		apart from the met , pinza appeared at the royal opera house ,		what operas did he perform at the royal opera house ?		i do n't know .		when did he stop performing ?		when did ezio pinza stop performing ?
ezio pinza		operatic success		when did he start performing in operas ?		pinza 's metropolitan opera debut occurred in november 1926 in spontini 's la vestale ,		was he immediately successful ?		i do n't know .		has he worked with anyone notable ?		in spontini 's la vestale , with famed american soprano rosa ponselle in the title role .		what other operas has he been a success in ?		in 1929 , he sang don giovanni , a role with which he was subsequently to become closely identified . he subsequently added the mozart roles		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		apart from the met , pinza appeared at the royal opera house ,		what operas did he perform at the royal opera house ?		i do n't know .		when did he stop performing ?		pinza retired from the metropolitan opera in 1948 .		what did he do after retirement ?		what did ezio pinza do after retirement ?
the manhattan transfer		since 2000		what has the group done since 2000 ?		what has the manhattan transfer done since 2000 ?
the manhattan transfer		since 2000		what has the group done since 2000 ?		the group signed to the telarc label in 2003 to release could n't be hotter , a live performance capturing many of the songs from the spirit of st. louis .		has the group won any awards since 2000 ?		has the manhattan transfer won any awards since 2000 ?
the manhattan transfer		since 2000		what has the group done since 2000 ?		the group signed to the telarc label in 2003 to release could n't be hotter , a live performance capturing many of the songs from the spirit of st. louis .		has the group won any awards since 2000 ?		i do n't know .		what is their most recent accomplishment ?		what is the manhattan transfers most recent accomplishment ?
the manhattan transfer		since 2000		what has the group done since 2000 ?		the group signed to the telarc label in 2003 to release could n't be hotter , a live performance capturing many of the songs from the spirit of st. louis .		has the group won any awards since 2000 ?		i do n't know .		what is their most recent accomplishment ?		in 2011 , the manhattan transfer worked on an album of previously recorded , but never finished , songs to honor their 40th anniversary . "		what did they name that album ?		what did the manhattan transfer name the album ?
the manhattan transfer		since 2000		what has the group done since 2000 ?		the group signed to the telarc label in 2003 to release could n't be hotter , a live performance capturing many of the songs from the spirit of st. louis .		has the group won any awards since 2000 ?		i do n't know .		what is their most recent accomplishment ?		in 2011 , the manhattan transfer worked on an album of previously recorded , but never finished , songs to honor their 40th anniversary . "		what did they name that album ?		" we are working on a project now that is called the vaults . over the years , there are a lot of different songs that we recorded but never finished .		what is the name of a song that was on that album ?		what is the name of a song that was on the vaults ?
the manhattan transfer		since 2000		what has the group done since 2000 ?		the group signed to the telarc label in 2003 to release could n't be hotter , a live performance capturing many of the songs from the spirit of st. louis .		has the group won any awards since 2000 ?		i do n't know .		what is their most recent accomplishment ?		in 2011 , the manhattan transfer worked on an album of previously recorded , but never finished , songs to honor their 40th anniversary . "		what did they name that album ?		" we are working on a project now that is called the vaults . over the years , there are a lot of different songs that we recorded but never finished .		what is the name of a song that was on that album ?		one of the highlights of the album was a vocalese version of george and ira gershwin 's the man i love ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from the vaults , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
the manhattan transfer		since 2000		what has the group done since 2000 ?		the group signed to the telarc label in 2003 to release could n't be hotter , a live performance capturing many of the songs from the spirit of st. louis .		has the group won any awards since 2000 ?		i do n't know .		what is their most recent accomplishment ?		in 2011 , the manhattan transfer worked on an album of previously recorded , but never finished , songs to honor their 40th anniversary . "		what did they name that album ?		" we are working on a project now that is called the vaults . over the years , there are a lot of different songs that we recorded but never finished .		what is the name of a song that was on that album ?		one of the highlights of the album was a vocalese version of george and ira gershwin 's the man i love ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the chick corea songbook , a tribute to the works of american jazz musician chick corea , was released in september 2009 .		are there any singles worth noting on that album ?		are there any singles worth noting on the chick corea songbook ?
the manhattan transfer		since 2000		what has the group done since 2000 ?		the group signed to the telarc label in 2003 to release could n't be hotter , a live performance capturing many of the songs from the spirit of st. louis .		has the group won any awards since 2000 ?		i do n't know .		what is their most recent accomplishment ?		in 2011 , the manhattan transfer worked on an album of previously recorded , but never finished , songs to honor their 40th anniversary . "		what did they name that album ?		" we are working on a project now that is called the vaults . over the years , there are a lot of different songs that we recorded but never finished .		what is the name of a song that was on that album ?		one of the highlights of the album was a vocalese version of george and ira gershwin 's the man i love ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the chick corea songbook , a tribute to the works of american jazz musician chick corea , was released in september 2009 .		are there any singles worth noting on that album ?		the album features an appearance by corea himself on the track " free samba " .		who is corea ?		who is corea ?
venus williams		1999 : three tier i titles and 1st grand slam doubles title		what happened with williams during the three tier titles ?		what happened with williams during the three tier titles ?
venus williams		1999 : three tier i titles and 1st grand slam doubles title		what happened with williams during the three tier titles ?		williams then won the tier i italian open in rome ,		did she play any of the tournaments with her sister ?		did williams play any of the tournaments with her sister ?
venus williams		1999 : three tier i titles and 1st grand slam doubles title		what happened with williams during the three tier titles ?		williams then won the tier i italian open in rome ,		did she play any of the tournaments with her sister ?		williams teamed with serena to win the women 's doubles title at this event , the first grand slam title the pair won together .		where or when did she win her first title ?		where or when did venus williams win her first title ?
venus williams		1999 : three tier i titles and 1st grand slam doubles title		what happened with williams during the three tier titles ?		williams then won the tier i italian open in rome ,		did she play any of the tournaments with her sister ?		williams teamed with serena to win the women 's doubles title at this event , the first grand slam title the pair won together .		where or when did she win her first title ?		williams then successfully defended her titles in both oklahoma city and key biscayne .		did she loose any matches during this period ?		did williams lose any matches during 1999 ?
venus williams		1999 : three tier i titles and 1st grand slam doubles title		what happened with williams during the three tier titles ?		williams then won the tier i italian open in rome ,		did she play any of the tournaments with her sister ?		williams teamed with serena to win the women 's doubles title at this event , the first grand slam title the pair won together .		where or when did she win her first title ?		williams then successfully defended her titles in both oklahoma city and key biscayne .		did she loose any matches during this period ?		williams started the 1999 tour in australia , where she lost to no . 10 steffi graf in the quarterfinals of the medibank international in sydney		what other major tournaments did she loose ?		besides losing in the quarterfinals of medibank international , what other major tournaments did williams loose ?
venus williams		1999 : three tier i titles and 1st grand slam doubles title		what happened with williams during the three tier titles ?		williams then won the tier i italian open in rome ,		did she play any of the tournaments with her sister ?		williams teamed with serena to win the women 's doubles title at this event , the first grand slam title the pair won together .		where or when did she win her first title ?		williams then successfully defended her titles in both oklahoma city and key biscayne .		did she loose any matches during this period ?		williams started the 1999 tour in australia , where she lost to no . 10 steffi graf in the quarterfinals of the medibank international in sydney		what other major tournaments did she loose ?		she lost her first match at the bausch & lomb championships in amelia island , florida .		what was some of her defeating tournaments ?		what was some of williams ' defeating tournaments ?
kalkaua		early life and family		where was kalakaua born ?		where was kalakaua born ?
kalkaua		early life and family		where was kalakaua born ?		in the grass hut compound , belonging to his maternal grandfather ` aikanaka , at the base of punchbowl crater in honolulu on the island of o`ahu .		in what year was he born ?		in what year was kalakaua born ?
kalkaua		early life and family		where was kalakaua born ?		in the grass hut compound , belonging to his maternal grandfather ` aikanaka , at the base of punchbowl crater in honolulu on the island of o`ahu .		in what year was he born ?		1836 ,		where did he go to school ?		where did kalakaua go to school ?
kalkaua		early life and family		where was kalakaua born ?		in the grass hut compound , belonging to his maternal grandfather ` aikanaka , at the base of punchbowl crater in honolulu on the island of o`ahu .		in what year was he born ?		1836 ,		where did he go to school ?		i do n't know .		what school did he go to next ?		what school did kalakaua go to next ?
kalkaua		early life and family		where was kalakaua born ?		in the grass hut compound , belonging to his maternal grandfather ` aikanaka , at the base of punchbowl crater in honolulu on the island of o`ahu .		in what year was he born ?		1836 ,		where did he go to school ?		i do n't know .		what school did he go to next ?		after graduating from the royal school ,		where did he go after the royal school ?		where did kalakaua go after the royal school ?
kalkaua		early life and family		where was kalakaua born ?		in the grass hut compound , belonging to his maternal grandfather ` aikanaka , at the base of punchbowl crater in honolulu on the island of o`ahu .		in what year was he born ?		1836 ,		where did he go to school ?		i do n't know .		what school did he go to next ?		after graduating from the royal school ,		where did he go after the royal school ?		he studied law under charles coffin harris , who later became chief justice of the supreme court of hawaii .		did he graduate from law school ?		did kalakaua graduate from law school ?
kalkaua		early life and family		where was kalakaua born ?		in the grass hut compound , belonging to his maternal grandfather ` aikanaka , at the base of punchbowl crater in honolulu on the island of o`ahu .		in what year was he born ?		1836 ,		where did he go to school ?		i do n't know .		what school did he go to next ?		after graduating from the royal school ,		where did he go after the royal school ?		he studied law under charles coffin harris , who later became chief justice of the supreme court of hawaii .		did he graduate from law school ?		i do n't know .		what did he do after law school ?		what did kalakaua do after law school ?
kalkaua		early life and family		where was kalakaua born ?		in the grass hut compound , belonging to his maternal grandfather ` aikanaka , at the base of punchbowl crater in honolulu on the island of o`ahu .		in what year was he born ?		1836 ,		where did he go to school ?		i do n't know .		what school did he go to next ?		after graduating from the royal school ,		where did he go after the royal school ?		he studied law under charles coffin harris , who later became chief justice of the supreme court of hawaii .		did he graduate from law school ?		i do n't know .		what did he do after law school ?		kalakaua was briefly engaged to marry princess victoria kamamalu , the younger sister of kamehameha iv and kamehameha v.		why did the engagement end ?		why did kalakaua 's engagement to princess victoria kamamalu end ?
kalkaua		reciprocity treaty of 1875 and its extension		what was the reciprocity treaty of 1875 ?		what was the reciprocity treaty of 1875 ?
kalkaua		reciprocity treaty of 1875 and its extension		what was the reciprocity treaty of 1875 ?		a free trade agreement between the united states and hawaii , that allowed sugar and other products to be exported the us to be duty free .		how did this affect the people of hawaii ?		how did the reciprocity treaty of 1875 affect the people of hawaii ?
kalkaua		reciprocity treaty of 1875 and its extension		what was the reciprocity treaty of 1875 ?		a free trade agreement between the united states and hawaii , that allowed sugar and other products to be exported the us to be duty free .		how did this affect the people of hawaii ?		i do n't know .		how long did the treaty last ?		how long did the reciprocity treaty of 1875 last ?
kalkaua		reciprocity treaty of 1875 and its extension		what was the reciprocity treaty of 1875 ?		a free trade agreement between the united states and hawaii , that allowed sugar and other products to be exported the us to be duty free .		how did this affect the people of hawaii ?		i do n't know .		how long did the treaty last ?		a 7-year treaty was signed on january 30 , 1875 ,		what happened after the 7 years ended ?		what happened to hawaii after the 7 years of the reciprocity treaty ended ?
kalkaua		reciprocity treaty of 1875 and its extension		what was the reciprocity treaty of 1875 ?		a free trade agreement between the united states and hawaii , that allowed sugar and other products to be exported the us to be duty free .		how did this affect the people of hawaii ?		i do n't know .		how long did the treaty last ?		a 7-year treaty was signed on january 30 , 1875 ,		what happened after the 7 years ended ?		at its expiration , an extension of the treaty was negotiated , giving exclusive use of pearl harbor to the united states .		how long was it extended ?		how long was the reciprocity treaty extended ?
kalkaua		reciprocity treaty of 1875 and its extension		what was the reciprocity treaty of 1875 ?		a free trade agreement between the united states and hawaii , that allowed sugar and other products to be exported the us to be duty free .		how did this affect the people of hawaii ?		i do n't know .		how long did the treaty last ?		a 7-year treaty was signed on january 30 , 1875 ,		what happened after the 7 years ended ?		at its expiration , an extension of the treaty was negotiated , giving exclusive use of pearl harbor to the united states .		how long was it extended ?		extending the agreement for an additional 7 years .		did they change the terms of the treaty at all during the extension ?		did the united states and hawaii change the terms of the reciprocity treaty at all during the extension ?
kalkaua		reciprocity treaty of 1875 and its extension		what was the reciprocity treaty of 1875 ?		a free trade agreement between the united states and hawaii , that allowed sugar and other products to be exported the us to be duty free .		how did this affect the people of hawaii ?		i do n't know .		how long did the treaty last ?		a 7-year treaty was signed on january 30 , 1875 ,		what happened after the 7 years ended ?		at its expiration , an extension of the treaty was negotiated , giving exclusive use of pearl harbor to the united states .		how long was it extended ?		extending the agreement for an additional 7 years .		did they change the terms of the treaty at all during the extension ?		i do n't know .		what else can you tell me about the treaty ?		in addition to the extension , what else can you tell me about the reciprocity treaty ?
kalkaua		reciprocity treaty of 1875 and its extension		what was the reciprocity treaty of 1875 ?		a free trade agreement between the united states and hawaii , that allowed sugar and other products to be exported the us to be duty free .		how did this affect the people of hawaii ?		i do n't know .		how long did the treaty last ?		a 7-year treaty was signed on january 30 , 1875 ,		what happened after the 7 years ended ?		at its expiration , an extension of the treaty was negotiated , giving exclusive use of pearl harbor to the united states .		how long was it extended ?		extending the agreement for an additional 7 years .		did they change the terms of the treaty at all during the extension ?		i do n't know .		what else can you tell me about the treaty ?		the value of exported products for 1890 , the last full year of his reign , was $ 13,282,729.48 , an increase of 722 % .		how did this effect the hawaiian people ?		how did the reciprocity treaty effect the hawaiian people ?
big boss man ( wrestler )		twin towers ( 1988 - 1990 )		what is the twin towers ?		what is the twin towers ?
big boss man ( wrestler )		twin towers ( 1988 - 1990 )		what is the twin towers ?		team with akeem ( formerly billed as one man gang , his uwf opponent ) to form the twin towers .		what were they known to do ?		what were the big boss man ( wrestler ) , twin towers known to do ?
big boss man ( wrestler )		twin towers ( 1988 - 1990 )		what is the twin towers ?		team with akeem ( formerly billed as one man gang , his uwf opponent ) to form the twin towers .		what were they known to do ?		they feuded with hogan and savage		do they feud with anyone else ?		do the big boss man ( wrestler ) , twin towers feud with anyone else other than hogan and savage ?
big boss man ( wrestler )		twin towers ( 1988 - 1990 )		what is the twin towers ?		team with akeem ( formerly billed as one man gang , his uwf opponent ) to form the twin towers .		what were they known to do ?		they feuded with hogan and savage		do they feud with anyone else ?		savage eventually rallied and defeated the twin towers on his own .		what happened after the feud ?		what happened after the feud between big boss man ( wrestler ) , twin towers and savage ? ?
big boss man ( wrestler )		twin towers ( 1988 - 1990 )		what is the twin towers ?		team with akeem ( formerly billed as one man gang , his uwf opponent ) to form the twin towers .		what were they known to do ?		they feuded with hogan and savage		do they feud with anyone else ?		savage eventually rallied and defeated the twin towers on his own .		what happened after the feud ?		this led to the mega powers demise as savage beat hulk in the backstage medical room		when did this happen ?		when did the mega powers demise as savage beat hulk in the backstage medical room happen ?
big boss man ( wrestler )		twin towers ( 1988 - 1990 )		what is the twin towers ?		team with akeem ( formerly billed as one man gang , his uwf opponent ) to form the twin towers .		what were they known to do ?		they feuded with hogan and savage		do they feud with anyone else ?		savage eventually rallied and defeated the twin towers on his own .		what happened after the feud ?		this led to the mega powers demise as savage beat hulk in the backstage medical room		when did this happen ?		after being double - teamed for a while , savage eventually rallied and defeated the twin towers on his own .		what is interesting about big boss man ?		what is interesting about big boss man(wrestler ) , twin towers ?
big boss man ( wrestler )		twin towers ( 1988 - 1990 )		what is the twin towers ?		team with akeem ( formerly billed as one man gang , his uwf opponent ) to form the twin towers .		what were they known to do ?		they feuded with hogan and savage		do they feud with anyone else ?		savage eventually rallied and defeated the twin towers on his own .		what happened after the feud ?		this led to the mega powers demise as savage beat hulk in the backstage medical room		when did this happen ?		after being double - teamed for a while , savage eventually rallied and defeated the twin towers on his own .		what is interesting about big boss man ?		boss man concluded his feud with hogan in a series of steel cage matches ;		did he win any of them ?		did big boss man(wrestler ) , twin towers win any feud with hogan in a series of steel cage matches ?
big boss man ( wrestler )		twin towers ( 1988 - 1990 )		what is the twin towers ?		team with akeem ( formerly billed as one man gang , his uwf opponent ) to form the twin towers .		what were they known to do ?		they feuded with hogan and savage		do they feud with anyone else ?		savage eventually rallied and defeated the twin towers on his own .		what happened after the feud ?		this led to the mega powers demise as savage beat hulk in the backstage medical room		when did this happen ?		after being double - teamed for a while , savage eventually rallied and defeated the twin towers on his own .		what is interesting about big boss man ?		boss man concluded his feud with hogan in a series of steel cage matches ;		did he win any of them ?		i do n't know .		did he lose any of them ?		did big boss man(wrestler ) , twin towers lose any feud with hogan in a series of steel cage matches ; ?
big boss man ( wrestler )		singles competition ( 1990 - 1993 )		what happened in 1990 ?		what happened in big boss man in 1990 ?
big boss man ( wrestler )		singles competition ( 1990 - 1993 )		what happened in 1990 ?		in the fall of 1990 , boss man began feuding with bobby heenan and the heenan family after heenan continually insulted boss man 's mother .		what did the feud consist of ?		what did the feud between boss man and the heenan family consist of ?
big boss man ( wrestler )		singles competition ( 1990 - 1993 )		what happened in 1990 ?		in the fall of 1990 , boss man began feuding with bobby heenan and the heenan family after heenan continually insulted boss man 's mother .		what did the feud consist of ?		he won a series of matches against heenan family members in 1991 , including the barbarian at the royal rumble and mr. perfect (		what was his greatest accomplishment stated in the article ?		what was boss man 's greatest accomplishment stated in the article ?
big boss man ( wrestler )		singles competition ( 1990 - 1993 )		what happened in 1990 ?		in the fall of 1990 , boss man began feuding with bobby heenan and the heenan family after heenan continually insulted boss man 's mother .		what did the feud consist of ?		he won a series of matches against heenan family members in 1991 , including the barbarian at the royal rumble and mr. perfect (		what was his greatest accomplishment stated in the article ?		summerslam , he defeated the mountie in a jailhouse match , a match in which the loser must spend a night in jail .		when did he do this ?		when did boss man defeat the mountie in a jailhouse match ?
big boss man ( wrestler )		singles competition ( 1990 - 1993 )		what happened in 1990 ?		in the fall of 1990 , boss man began feuding with bobby heenan and the heenan family after heenan continually insulted boss man 's mother .		what did the feud consist of ?		he won a series of matches against heenan family members in 1991 , including the barbarian at the royal rumble and mr. perfect (		what was his greatest accomplishment stated in the article ?		summerslam , he defeated the mountie in a jailhouse match , a match in which the loser must spend a night in jail .		when did he do this ?		i do n't know .		what is the most important fact mentioned in the article ?		what is the most important fact about boss man mentioned in the article ?
big boss man ( wrestler )		singles competition ( 1990 - 1993 )		what happened in 1990 ?		in the fall of 1990 , boss man began feuding with bobby heenan and the heenan family after heenan continually insulted boss man 's mother .		what did the feud consist of ?		he won a series of matches against heenan family members in 1991 , including the barbarian at the royal rumble and mr. perfect (		what was his greatest accomplishment stated in the article ?		summerslam , he defeated the mountie in a jailhouse match , a match in which the loser must spend a night in jail .		when did he do this ?		i do n't know .		what is the most important fact mentioned in the article ?		the big boss man 's last pay - per - view match of this run came at the 1993 royal rumble , where he lost to bam bam bigelow . he left the wwf shortly		what did he do after he left ?		what did boss man do after he left the wwf ?
big boss man ( wrestler )		singles competition ( 1990 - 1993 )		what happened in 1990 ?		in the fall of 1990 , boss man began feuding with bobby heenan and the heenan family after heenan continually insulted boss man 's mother .		what did the feud consist of ?		he won a series of matches against heenan family members in 1991 , including the barbarian at the royal rumble and mr. perfect (		what was his greatest accomplishment stated in the article ?		summerslam , he defeated the mountie in a jailhouse match , a match in which the loser must spend a night in jail .		when did he do this ?		i do n't know .		what is the most important fact mentioned in the article ?		the big boss man 's last pay - per - view match of this run came at the 1993 royal rumble , where he lost to bam bam bigelow . he left the wwf shortly		what did he do after he left ?		during the next few months he made appearances in the uswa and smw .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to making appearance in the uswa and smw , are there any other interesting aspects about boss man in this article ?
big boss man ( wrestler )		singles competition ( 1990 - 1993 )		what happened in 1990 ?		in the fall of 1990 , boss man began feuding with bobby heenan and the heenan family after heenan continually insulted boss man 's mother .		what did the feud consist of ?		he won a series of matches against heenan family members in 1991 , including the barbarian at the royal rumble and mr. perfect (		what was his greatest accomplishment stated in the article ?		summerslam , he defeated the mountie in a jailhouse match , a match in which the loser must spend a night in jail .		when did he do this ?		i do n't know .		what is the most important fact mentioned in the article ?		the big boss man 's last pay - per - view match of this run came at the 1993 royal rumble , where he lost to bam bam bigelow . he left the wwf shortly		what did he do after he left ?		during the next few months he made appearances in the uswa and smw .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		boss man began feuding with nailz , an ex - convict character who , in a series of promos aired before his debut , claimed boss man had been his abusive officer in prison ,		what came of this claim ?		what came of the claim of boss man 's abuse ?
steven moffat		joking apart		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about joking apart ?
steven moffat		joking apart		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		speaking about the autobiographical elements of the show , the writer jokes that he has to remember that his wife did n't leave him for an estate agent ;		what is joking apart ?		what is joking apart ?
steven moffat		joking apart		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		speaking about the autobiographical elements of the show , the writer jokes that he has to remember that his wife did n't leave him for an estate agent ;		what is joking apart ?		moffat 's new idea was about " a sitcom writer whose wife leaves him " . moffat wrote two series of joking apart ,		when was it released ?		when was joking apart released ?
steven moffat		joking apart		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		speaking about the autobiographical elements of the show , the writer jokes that he has to remember that his wife did n't leave him for an estate agent ;		what is joking apart ?		moffat 's new idea was about " a sitcom writer whose wife leaves him " . moffat wrote two series of joking apart ,		when was it released ?		i do n't know .		did it win any awards ?		did joking apart win any awards ?
steven moffat		joking apart		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		speaking about the autobiographical elements of the show , the writer jokes that he has to remember that his wife did n't leave him for an estate agent ;		what is joking apart ?		moffat 's new idea was about " a sitcom writer whose wife leaves him " . moffat wrote two series of joking apart ,		when was it released ?		i do n't know .		did it win any awards ?		the show won the bronze rose of montreux and was entered for the emmys .		was it popular with the public ?		was joking apart popular with the public ?
ira hayes		post world war ii		what was ira hayes doing after the war ?		what was ira hayes doing after the war ?
ira hayes		post world war ii		what was ira hayes doing after the war ?		hayes attempted to lead a normal civilian life after the war .		did he have a family ?		did ira hayes have a family ?
ira hayes		post world war ii		what was ira hayes doing after the war ?		hayes attempted to lead a normal civilian life after the war .		did he have a family ?		i do n't know .		is there something notable that he does after the war ?		after the war , did ira hayes have any notable accomplishments ?
ira hayes		post world war ii		what was ira hayes doing after the war ?		hayes attempted to lead a normal civilian life after the war .		did he have a family ?		i do n't know .		is there something notable that he does after the war ?		hayes walked and hitchhiked 1,300 miles from the gila river indian community in arizona to edward frederick block , sr . 's farm in weslaco , texas , to reveal the truth		what truth is he wanting to reveal ?		what truth did ira hayes share with fredrick block ?
ira hayes		post world war ii		what was ira hayes doing after the war ?		hayes attempted to lead a normal civilian life after the war .		did he have a family ?		i do n't know .		is there something notable that he does after the war ?		hayes walked and hitchhiked 1,300 miles from the gila river indian community in arizona to edward frederick block , sr . 's farm in weslaco , texas , to reveal the truth		what truth is he wanting to reveal ?		to block 's family about their son harlon being in the rosenthal photograph .		what can you tell me about that ?		what can you tell me about harlon and the rosenthal photograph ?
ira hayes		post world war ii		what was ira hayes doing after the war ?		hayes attempted to lead a normal civilian life after the war .		did he have a family ?		i do n't know .		is there something notable that he does after the war ?		hayes walked and hitchhiked 1,300 miles from the gila river indian community in arizona to edward frederick block , sr . 's farm in weslaco , texas , to reveal the truth		what truth is he wanting to reveal ?		to block 's family about their son harlon being in the rosenthal photograph .		what can you tell me about that ?		he was instrumental in having the mistaken second flag - raiser controversy resolved by the marine corps in january 1947 .		was there anyone opposed to him in this ?		was anyone opposed to ira hayes revealing the truth about harlon and the rosenthal photograph ?
ira hayes		post world war ii		what was ira hayes doing after the war ?		hayes attempted to lead a normal civilian life after the war .		did he have a family ?		i do n't know .		is there something notable that he does after the war ?		hayes walked and hitchhiked 1,300 miles from the gila river indian community in arizona to edward frederick block , sr . 's farm in weslaco , texas , to reveal the truth		what truth is he wanting to reveal ?		to block 's family about their son harlon being in the rosenthal photograph .		what can you tell me about that ?		he was instrumental in having the mistaken second flag - raiser controversy resolved by the marine corps in january 1947 .		was there anyone opposed to him in this ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the rosenthal photograph , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
dominick argento		minnesota years		did this person move to minnesota		did argento move to minnesota
dominick argento		minnesota years		did this person move to minnesota		argento moved to minneapolis in 1958 with his new wife , soprano carolyn bailey ,		when did he move there		when did argento move there
dominick argento		minnesota years		did this person move to minnesota		argento moved to minneapolis in 1958 with his new wife , soprano carolyn bailey ,		when did he move there		argento moved to minneapolis in 1958		did he more anymore		did argento more anymore
dominick argento		minnesota years		did this person move to minnesota		argento moved to minneapolis in 1958 with his new wife , soprano carolyn bailey ,		when did he move there		argento moved to minneapolis in 1958		did he more anymore		i do n't know .		did they have kids		did argento and carolyn bailey have kids
dominick argento		minnesota years		did this person move to minnesota		argento moved to minneapolis in 1958 with his new wife , soprano carolyn bailey ,		when did he move there		argento moved to minneapolis in 1958		did he more anymore		i do n't know .		did they have kids		i do n't know .		what town did they live in		what town did argento and carolyn bailey live in
dominick argento		minnesota years		did this person move to minnesota		argento moved to minneapolis in 1958 with his new wife , soprano carolyn bailey ,		when did he move there		argento moved to minneapolis in 1958		did he more anymore		i do n't know .		did they have kids		i do n't know .		what town did they live in		minneapolis		did he ever live any place else		besides minneapolis did argento ever live any place else
dominick argento		minnesota years		did this person move to minnesota		argento moved to minneapolis in 1958 with his new wife , soprano carolyn bailey ,		when did he move there		argento moved to minneapolis in 1958		did he more anymore		i do n't know .		did they have kids		i do n't know .		what town did they live in		minneapolis		did he ever live any place else		i do n't know .		what kind of stuff did he do		what kind of stuff did argento do
dominick argento		minnesota years		did this person move to minnesota		argento moved to minneapolis in 1958 with his new wife , soprano carolyn bailey ,		when did he move there		argento moved to minneapolis in 1958		did he more anymore		i do n't know .		did they have kids		i do n't know .		what town did they live in		minneapolis		did he ever live any place else		i do n't know .		what kind of stuff did he do		in 1963 , he and scrymgeour founded the center opera company , which later became the minnesota opera ,		what else major did he go through		besides founding the center opera company what else major did argento go through
robert fripp		biography		who is robert fripp ?		who is robert fripp ?
robert fripp		biography		who is robert fripp ?		modern jazz players		did he win any awards ?		did robert fripp win any awards ?
robert fripp		biography		who is robert fripp ?		modern jazz players		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		did he go on any tours ?		did robert fripp go on any tours ?
robert fripp		biography		who is robert fripp ?		modern jazz players		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		did he go on any tours ?		i do n't know .		what is something interesting about his life ?		what is something interesting about robert fripp 's life ?
robert fripp		biography		who is robert fripp ?		modern jazz players		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		did he go on any tours ?		i do n't know .		what is something interesting about his life ?		the son of an estate agent from a working - class background , robert fripp was born in wimborne minster , dorset , england .		is he still alive ?		is robert fripp still alive ?
agnetha fltskog		hiatus from recording ( 1988 - 2004 )		why did faltskog take a hiatus ?		why did faltskog take a hiatus ?
agnetha fltskog		hiatus from recording ( 1988 - 2004 )		why did faltskog take a hiatus ?		i do n't know .		what did she do during her hiatus ?		what did faltskog do during her hiatus ?
agnetha fltskog		hiatus from recording ( 1988 - 2004 )		why did faltskog take a hiatus ?		i do n't know .		what did she do during her hiatus ?		during which she made few public appearances and devoted much of her time to astrology , yoga and horse riding		what was the reason ?		what was the reason for faltskog taking a hiatus ?
agnetha fltskog		hiatus from recording ( 1988 - 2004 )		why did faltskog take a hiatus ?		i do n't know .		what did she do during her hiatus ?		during which she made few public appearances and devoted much of her time to astrology , yoga and horse riding		what was the reason ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides faltskog taking a hiatus , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
agnetha fltskog		hiatus from recording ( 1988 - 2004 )		why did faltskog take a hiatus ?		i do n't know .		what did she do during her hiatus ?		during which she made few public appearances and devoted much of her time to astrology , yoga and horse riding		what was the reason ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1994 , faltskog 's mother committed suicide		why did her mother commit suicide ?		why did faltskog 's mother commit suicide ?
agnetha fltskog		career development in sweden ( 1966 - 1971 )		how did her career begin in 1966 ?		how did agnetha fltskog 's career begin in 1966 ?
agnetha fltskog		career development in sweden ( 1966 - 1971 )		how did her career begin in 1966 ?		faltskog worked as a telephonist for a car firm while performing with a local dance band , headed by bernt enghardt .		did she start with the band in 1966 ?		did agnetha fltskog start with the band in 1966 ?
agnetha fltskog		career development in sweden ( 1966 - 1971 )		how did her career begin in 1966 ?		faltskog worked as a telephonist for a car firm while performing with a local dance band , headed by bernt enghardt .		did she start with the band in 1966 ?		i do n't know .		what is a major event that occurred sometime between 1966 - 1971 ?		what is a major event that occurred sometime between 1966 - 1971 for agnetha fltskog ?
agnetha fltskog		career development in sweden ( 1966 - 1971 )		how did her career begin in 1966 ?		faltskog worked as a telephonist for a car firm while performing with a local dance band , headed by bernt enghardt .		did she start with the band in 1966 ?		i do n't know .		what is a major event that occurred sometime between 1966 - 1971 ?		her self - penned debut single " jag var sa kar " was released through cupol records in 1967 ,		did the song perform well ?		did agnetha fltskog 's song " jag var sa kar " perform well ?
robert f. kennedy		jfk presidential campaign ( 1960 )		what was his position for the campaign ?		what was robert f. kennedy 's position for the presidential campaign ?
robert f. kennedy		jfk presidential campaign ( 1960 )		what was his position for the campaign ?		kennedy went to work on the presidential campaign of his brother , john .		when did he join the campaign ?		when did robert f. kennedy join the presidential campaign ?
robert f. kennedy		jfk presidential campaign ( 1960 )		what was his position for the campaign ?		kennedy went to work on the presidential campaign of his brother , john .		when did he join the campaign ?		in 1960 ,		was the campaign successful ?		was robert f. kennedy 's presidential campaign in 1960 successful ?
robert f. kennedy		jfk presidential campaign ( 1960 )		what was his position for the campaign ?		kennedy went to work on the presidential campaign of his brother , john .		when did he join the campaign ?		in 1960 ,		was the campaign successful ?		i do n't know .		how did robert influence the campaign ?		how did robert influence the presidential campaign in 1960 ?
robert f. kennedy		jfk presidential campaign ( 1960 )		what was his position for the campaign ?		kennedy went to work on the presidential campaign of his brother , john .		when did he join the campaign ?		in 1960 ,		was the campaign successful ?		i do n't know .		how did robert influence the campaign ?		kennedy tried to protect his brother by denying the allegation , saying that jfk had never had " an ailment described classically as addison 's disease " .		did he do anything else to help the campaign ?		other than helping his brother by denying the allegations , did robert do anything else to help the presidential campaign in 1960 ?
robert f. kennedy		jfk presidential campaign ( 1960 )		what was his position for the campaign ?		kennedy went to work on the presidential campaign of his brother , john .		when did he join the campaign ?		in 1960 ,		was the campaign successful ?		i do n't know .		how did robert influence the campaign ?		kennedy tried to protect his brother by denying the allegation , saying that jfk had never had " an ailment described classically as addison 's disease " .		did he do anything else to help the campaign ?		kennedy worked toward downplaying his brother 's catholic faith during the primary		was there anything else interesting in the article ?		other than robert helping his brother john , was there anything else interesting in the article ?
robert f. kennedy		jfk presidential campaign ( 1960 )		what was his position for the campaign ?		kennedy went to work on the presidential campaign of his brother , john .		when did he join the campaign ?		in 1960 ,		was the campaign successful ?		i do n't know .		how did robert influence the campaign ?		kennedy tried to protect his brother by denying the allegation , saying that jfk had never had " an ailment described classically as addison 's disease " .		did he do anything else to help the campaign ?		kennedy worked toward downplaying his brother 's catholic faith during the primary		was there anything else interesting in the article ?		kennedy was involved in securing the release of civil rights leader martin luther king jr. from a jail in atlanta .		how did that affect the campaign ?		how did robert f. kennedy helping in securing the release of martin luther king jr. from jail in atlanta affect the presidential campaign ?
robert f. kennedy		jfk presidential campaign ( 1960 )		what was his position for the campaign ?		kennedy went to work on the presidential campaign of his brother , john .		when did he join the campaign ?		in 1960 ,		was the campaign successful ?		i do n't know .		how did robert influence the campaign ?		kennedy tried to protect his brother by denying the allegation , saying that jfk had never had " an ailment described classically as addison 's disease " .		did he do anything else to help the campaign ?		kennedy worked toward downplaying his brother 's catholic faith during the primary		was there anything else interesting in the article ?		kennedy was involved in securing the release of civil rights leader martin luther king jr. from a jail in atlanta .		how did that affect the campaign ?		i do n't know .		what was his role on the campaign ?		what was robert f. kennedy 's role on the presidential campaign ?
dominick argento		early life and education		where did he grow up ?		where did dominick argento grow up ?
dominick argento		early life and education		where did he grow up ?		pennsylvania .		did he go to college ?		did dominick argento go to college ?
dominick argento		early life and education		where did he grow up ?		pennsylvania .		did he go to college ?		he earned bachelor 's		where did he go to college ?		where did dominick argento go to college ?
dominick argento		early life and education		where did he grow up ?		pennsylvania .		did he go to college ?		he earned bachelor 's		where did he go to college ?		peabody ,		what did he do after he graduated from college ?		what did dominick argento do after he graduated from college ?
dominick argento		early life and education		where did he grow up ?		pennsylvania .		did he go to college ?		he earned bachelor 's		where did he go to college ?		peabody ,		what did he do after he graduated from college ?		weisgall 's hilltop musical company ,		what was his job ?		what was dominick argento 's job ?
dominick argento		early life and education		where did he grow up ?		pennsylvania .		did he go to college ?		he earned bachelor 's		where did he go to college ?		peabody ,		what did he do after he graduated from college ?		weisgall 's hilltop musical company ,		what was his job ?		he was briefly the music director		did he study anyplace else during this time ?		besides peabody , did dominick argento study anyplace else ?
dominick argento		early life and education		where did he grow up ?		pennsylvania .		did he go to college ?		he earned bachelor 's		where did he go to college ?		peabody ,		what did he do after he graduated from college ?		weisgall 's hilltop musical company ,		what was his job ?		he was briefly the music director		did he study anyplace else during this time ?		spent a year in florence on a scholarship of the u.s.-italy fulbright commission .		did he continue his education after college ?		did dominick argento continue his education after college ?
dominick argento		early life and education		where did he grow up ?		pennsylvania .		did he go to college ?		he earned bachelor 's		where did he go to college ?		peabody ,		what did he do after he graduated from college ?		weisgall 's hilltop musical company ,		what was his job ?		he was briefly the music director		did he study anyplace else during this time ?		spent a year in florence on a scholarship of the u.s.-italy fulbright commission .		did he continue his education after college ?		he studied briefly with luigi dallapiccola .		did he study anyplace else ?		besides studying brieflu with luigi dallapiccola , did dominick argento study anyplace else ?
dominick argento		early life and education		where did he grow up ?		pennsylvania .		did he go to college ?		he earned bachelor 's		where did he go to college ?		peabody ,		what did he do after he graduated from college ?		weisgall 's hilltop musical company ,		what was his job ?		he was briefly the music director		did he study anyplace else during this time ?		spent a year in florence on a scholarship of the u.s.-italy fulbright commission .		did he continue his education after college ?		he studied briefly with luigi dallapiccola .		did he study anyplace else ?		graduate studies and received his ph.d.		where did he receive his phd from ?		where did luigi dallapiccola receive his phd from ?
joe nickell		the warrens		who or what are the warrens		who or what are the warrens
joe nickell		the warrens		who or what are the warrens		ed and lorraine warren on the sally show in 1992 .		what do they have to do with nickell		what do the warrens have to do with nickell
joe nickell		the warrens		who or what are the warrens		ed and lorraine warren on the sally show in 1992 .		what do they have to do with nickell		his insistence on documented facts led to a heated exchange with ed and lorraine warren on the sally show in 1992 .		was nickell an actor		was nickell an actor
joe nickell		the warrens		who or what are the warrens		ed and lorraine warren on the sally show in 1992 .		what do they have to do with nickell		his insistence on documented facts led to a heated exchange with ed and lorraine warren on the sally show in 1992 .		was nickell an actor		" to describe his work , his evidenced - based investigations of paranormal events has not yet uncovered any miracles , ghosts or monsters .		did he work on the show		did nickell work on the show
joe nickell		the warrens		who or what are the warrens		ed and lorraine warren on the sally show in 1992 .		what do they have to do with nickell		his insistence on documented facts led to a heated exchange with ed and lorraine warren on the sally show in 1992 .		was nickell an actor		" to describe his work , his evidenced - based investigations of paranormal events has not yet uncovered any miracles , ghosts or monsters .		did he work on the show		i do n't know .		what did the warrens have to say		what did the warrens have to say
joe nickell		the warrens		who or what are the warrens		ed and lorraine warren on the sally show in 1992 .		what do they have to do with nickell		his insistence on documented facts led to a heated exchange with ed and lorraine warren on the sally show in 1992 .		was nickell an actor		" to describe his work , his evidenced - based investigations of paranormal events has not yet uncovered any miracles , ghosts or monsters .		did he work on the show		i do n't know .		what did the warrens have to say		warrens appeared on sally jesse raphael 's talk show with the snedeker family , whose reports of ghosts and demons led to the 1992 book , in a dark place ,		were there really paranormal activities going on		were there really paranormal activities going on
joe nickell		the warrens		who or what are the warrens		ed and lorraine warren on the sally show in 1992 .		what do they have to do with nickell		his insistence on documented facts led to a heated exchange with ed and lorraine warren on the sally show in 1992 .		was nickell an actor		" to describe his work , his evidenced - based investigations of paranormal events has not yet uncovered any miracles , ghosts or monsters .		did he work on the show		i do n't know .		what did the warrens have to say		warrens appeared on sally jesse raphael 's talk show with the snedeker family , whose reports of ghosts and demons led to the 1992 book , in a dark place ,		were there really paranormal activities going on		i think the warrens have not met a house they did n't think was haunted . ...		did nickell think they were lying		did nickell think the warrens were lying
joe nickell		the warrens		who or what are the warrens		ed and lorraine warren on the sally show in 1992 .		what do they have to do with nickell		his insistence on documented facts led to a heated exchange with ed and lorraine warren on the sally show in 1992 .		was nickell an actor		" to describe his work , his evidenced - based investigations of paranormal events has not yet uncovered any miracles , ghosts or monsters .		did he work on the show		i do n't know .		what did the warrens have to say		warrens appeared on sally jesse raphael 's talk show with the snedeker family , whose reports of ghosts and demons led to the 1992 book , in a dark place ,		were there really paranormal activities going on		i think the warrens have not met a house they did n't think was haunted . ...		did nickell think they were lying		cite the warrens as an example of exploitative and harmful charlatans . he told blake smith , host of the monstertalk podcast ,		what ese		what else did the warrens do ?
joe nickell		the warrens		who or what are the warrens		ed and lorraine warren on the sally show in 1992 .		what do they have to do with nickell		his insistence on documented facts led to a heated exchange with ed and lorraine warren on the sally show in 1992 .		was nickell an actor		" to describe his work , his evidenced - based investigations of paranormal events has not yet uncovered any miracles , ghosts or monsters .		did he work on the show		i do n't know .		what did the warrens have to say		warrens appeared on sally jesse raphael 's talk show with the snedeker family , whose reports of ghosts and demons led to the 1992 book , in a dark place ,		were there really paranormal activities going on		i think the warrens have not met a house they did n't think was haunted . ...		did nickell think they were lying		cite the warrens as an example of exploitative and harmful charlatans . he told blake smith , host of the monstertalk podcast ,		what ese		next thing you know , the warrens have convinced everybody that there were demons involved .		why did they claim this		why did the warrens claim there were demons involved ?
william f. buckley jr.		marriage and family		when did he get married ?		when did william f. buckley jr. get married ?
william f. buckley jr.		marriage and family		when did he get married ?		1950 ,		who did he marry ?		who did william f. buckley jr. marry ?
william f. buckley jr.		marriage and family		when did he get married ?		1950 ,		who did he marry ?		patricia aldyen austin " pat " taylor (		did they have any children ?		did william f. buckley jr. and patricia taylor have any children ?
william f. buckley jr.		marriage and family		when did he get married ?		1950 ,		who did he marry ?		patricia aldyen austin " pat " taylor (		did they have any children ?		the couple had one son ,		what is the son 's name ?		what is buckley and taylor 's son 's name ?
william f. buckley jr.		marriage and family		when did he get married ?		1950 ,		who did he marry ?		patricia aldyen austin " pat " taylor (		did they have any children ?		the couple had one son ,		what is the son 's name ?		christopher buckley .		did he ever get divorced ?		did buckley ever get divorced ?
william f. buckley jr.		marriage and family		when did he get married ?		1950 ,		who did he marry ?		patricia aldyen austin " pat " taylor (		did they have any children ?		the couple had one son ,		what is the son 's name ?		christopher buckley .		did he ever get divorced ?		on april 15 , 2007 , she died at age 80 of an infection after a long illness .		where did he and his family live ?		where did buckley and his family live ?
william f. buckley jr.		marriage and family		when did he get married ?		1950 ,		who did he marry ?		patricia aldyen austin " pat " taylor (		did they have any children ?		the couple had one son ,		what is the son 's name ?		christopher buckley .		did he ever get divorced ?		on april 15 , 2007 , she died at age 80 of an infection after a long illness .		where did he and his family live ?		i do n't know .		what else is interesting to note about his family ?		other than buckley 's son , what else is interesting to note about buckley 's family ?
william f. buckley jr.		marriage and family		when did he get married ?		1950 ,		who did he marry ?		patricia aldyen austin " pat " taylor (		did they have any children ?		the couple had one son ,		what is the son 's name ?		christopher buckley .		did he ever get divorced ?		on april 15 , 2007 , she died at age 80 of an infection after a long illness .		where did he and his family live ?		i do n't know .		what else is interesting to note about his family ?		william f. buckley jr. had nine siblings ,		where did he grow up ?		where did buckley grow up ?
lee strasberg		life - shaping revelation		what was the revelation that shaped his life ?		what was the revelation that shaped lee strasberg 's life ?
lee strasberg		life - shaping revelation		what was the revelation that shaped his life ?		h]e observed , first of all , that all the actors , whether they were playing leads or small parts , worked with the same commitment and intensity .		where did he observe the actors ?		where did lee strasberg observe the actors that shaped his liife ?
lee strasberg		life - shaping revelation		what was the revelation that shaped his life ?		h]e observed , first of all , that all the actors , whether they were playing leads or small parts , worked with the same commitment and intensity .		where did he observe the actors ?		when stanislavski brought his moscow art theatre to the united states in 1923 .		what was unique about these actors ?		what was unique about the actors from the moscow art theatre ?
lee strasberg		life - shaping revelation		what was the revelation that shaped his life ?		h]e observed , first of all , that all the actors , whether they were playing leads or small parts , worked with the same commitment and intensity .		where did he observe the actors ?		when stanislavski brought his moscow art theatre to the united states in 1923 .		what was unique about these actors ?		more important , every actor seemed to project some sort of unspoken , yet palpable , inner life for his or her character .		did he learn anything from their acting style ?		did lee strasberg learn anything from the moscow art theatre actor 's acting style ?
lee strasberg		life - shaping revelation		what was the revelation that shaped his life ?		h]e observed , first of all , that all the actors , whether they were playing leads or small parts , worked with the same commitment and intensity .		where did he observe the actors ?		when stanislavski brought his moscow art theatre to the united states in 1923 .		what was unique about these actors ?		more important , every actor seemed to project some sort of unspoken , yet palpable , inner life for his or her character .		did he learn anything from their acting style ?		he could be mentally prepared by resort to analogous mental exercises . they worked on relaxation as well as concentration .		what did he do after this following with the art theater ?		what did lee strasberg do after following the art theater in the united states in 1923 ?
lee strasberg		life - shaping revelation		what was the revelation that shaped his life ?		h]e observed , first of all , that all the actors , whether they were playing leads or small parts , worked with the same commitment and intensity .		where did he observe the actors ?		when stanislavski brought his moscow art theatre to the united states in 1923 .		what was unique about these actors ?		more important , every actor seemed to project some sort of unspoken , yet palpable , inner life for his or her character .		did he learn anything from their acting style ?		he could be mentally prepared by resort to analogous mental exercises . they worked on relaxation as well as concentration .		what did he do after this following with the art theater ?		strasberg eventually left the clare tree major school to study with students of stanislavski - maria ouspenskaya and richard boleslavsky - at the american laboratory theatre .		did he perform or direct anything while there ?		did lee strasberg perform or direct anything while at the american laboratory theatre ?
lee strasberg		life - shaping revelation		what was the revelation that shaped his life ?		h]e observed , first of all , that all the actors , whether they were playing leads or small parts , worked with the same commitment and intensity .		where did he observe the actors ?		when stanislavski brought his moscow art theatre to the united states in 1923 .		what was unique about these actors ?		more important , every actor seemed to project some sort of unspoken , yet palpable , inner life for his or her character .		did he learn anything from their acting style ?		he could be mentally prepared by resort to analogous mental exercises . they worked on relaxation as well as concentration .		what did he do after this following with the art theater ?		strasberg eventually left the clare tree major school to study with students of stanislavski - maria ouspenskaya and richard boleslavsky - at the american laboratory theatre .		did he perform or direct anything while there ?		in 1925 , strasberg had his first professional appearance in processional , a play produced by the theater guild .		is there anything else that is interesting ?		is there anything else that is interesting about lee strasberg aside from his work with the american labaoratory theatre or the following of the moscos art theatre ? ?
boris yeltsin		death and funeral		how did boris die ?		how did boris yeltsin die ?
boris yeltsin		death and funeral		how did boris die ?		23 april 2007 ,		what caused his death ?		what caused boris yeltsin 's death ?
boris yeltsin		death and funeral		how did boris die ?		23 april 2007 ,		what caused his death ?		congestive heart failure		where was his funeral ?		where was boris yeltsin 's funeral ?
boris yeltsin		death and funeral		how did boris die ?		23 april 2007 ,		what caused his death ?		congestive heart failure		where was his funeral ?		had lain in repose in the cathedral of christ the saviour in moscow .		how many people attended ?		how many people attended boris yeltsin 's funeral ?
boris yeltsin		death and funeral		how did boris die ?		23 april 2007 ,		what caused his death ?		congestive heart failure		where was his funeral ?		had lain in repose in the cathedral of christ the saviour in moscow .		how many people attended ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during his funeral ?		what else happened other than boris yeltsin being laid in the cathedral of christ the saviour in moscow during the funeral ?
boris yeltsin		death and funeral		how did boris die ?		23 april 2007 ,		what caused his death ?		congestive heart failure		where was his funeral ?		had lain in repose in the cathedral of christ the saviour in moscow .		how many people attended ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during his funeral ?		his body had lain in repose		what else is noteable about his death		what else is noteable besides the body being laid in repose about boris yeltsin death ?
boris yeltsin		death and funeral		how did boris die ?		23 april 2007 ,		what caused his death ?		congestive heart failure		where was his funeral ?		had lain in repose in the cathedral of christ the saviour in moscow .		how many people attended ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during his funeral ?		his body had lain in repose		what else is noteable about his death		president putin declared the day of his funeral a national day of mourning , with the nation 's flags flown at half mast and all entertainment programs suspended for the day .		what else did putin do ?		what else did putin do besides declaring a national day of mourning for boris yeltsin funeral ?
boris yeltsin		death and funeral		how did boris die ?		23 april 2007 ,		what caused his death ?		congestive heart failure		where was his funeral ?		had lain in repose in the cathedral of christ the saviour in moscow .		how many people attended ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during his funeral ?		his body had lain in repose		what else is noteable about his death		president putin declared the day of his funeral a national day of mourning , with the nation 's flags flown at half mast and all entertainment programs suspended for the day .		what else did putin do ?		[ yeltsin 's ] presidency has inscribed him forever in russian and in world history .		what did yeltsin do to earn that ?		what did yeltsin do to earn putin inscribing him forever in russian and world history ?
boris yeltsin		death and funeral		how did boris die ?		23 april 2007 ,		what caused his death ?		congestive heart failure		where was his funeral ?		had lain in repose in the cathedral of christ the saviour in moscow .		how many people attended ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during his funeral ?		his body had lain in repose		what else is noteable about his death		president putin declared the day of his funeral a national day of mourning , with the nation 's flags flown at half mast and all entertainment programs suspended for the day .		what else did putin do ?		[ yeltsin 's ] presidency has inscribed him forever in russian and in world history .		what did yeltsin do to earn that ?		will and direct initiative of president boris yeltsin a new constitution , one which declared human rights a supreme value , was adopted .		anything else interesting ?		anything else interesting about boris yeltsin besides his new consitution ?
boris yeltsin		death and funeral		how did boris die ?		23 april 2007 ,		what caused his death ?		congestive heart failure		where was his funeral ?		had lain in repose in the cathedral of christ the saviour in moscow .		how many people attended ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during his funeral ?		his body had lain in repose		what else is noteable about his death		president putin declared the day of his funeral a national day of mourning , with the nation 's flags flown at half mast and all entertainment programs suspended for the day .		what else did putin do ?		[ yeltsin 's ] presidency has inscribed him forever in russian and in world history .		what did yeltsin do to earn that ?		will and direct initiative of president boris yeltsin a new constitution , one which declared human rights a supreme value , was adopted .		anything else interesting ?		this constitution permitted us to begin building a truly effective federation . ... we knew him as a brave and a warm - hearted , spiritual person .		who is that quote from ?		who is the quote , " [ yeltsin 's ] constitution permitted us to begin building a truly effective federation . ... we knew [ yeltsin ] as a brave and a warm - hearted , spiritual person " , from ?
alvin and the chipmunks		theodore seville		who are the chipmunks ?		who are the chipmunks ?
alvin and the chipmunks		theodore seville		who are the chipmunks ?		simon appeals to theodore 's better nature while alvin goes straight to bribery .		who is theadore ?		who is theadore ?
alvin and the chipmunks		theodore seville		who are the chipmunks ?		simon appeals to theodore 's better nature while alvin goes straight to bribery .		who is theadore ?		theodore is the child of innocence and the youngest of the chipmunks .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides simon appeals to theodore 's better nature while alvin goes straight to bribery are there any other interesting aspects about alvin and the chipmunks ?
alvin and the chipmunks		theodore seville		who are the chipmunks ?		simon appeals to theodore 's better nature while alvin goes straight to bribery .		who is theadore ?		theodore is the child of innocence and the youngest of the chipmunks .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		theodore often holds the swing vote between his two brothers ' choices of action .		did he do any movies ?		did theodore do any movies ?
alvin and the chipmunks		theodore seville		who are the chipmunks ?		simon appeals to theodore 's better nature while alvin goes straight to bribery .		who is theadore ?		theodore is the child of innocence and the youngest of the chipmunks .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		theodore often holds the swing vote between his two brothers ' choices of action .		did he do any movies ?		i do n't know .		when was he made ?		when was theodore made ?
alvin and the chipmunks		theodore seville		who are the chipmunks ?		simon appeals to theodore 's better nature while alvin goes straight to bribery .		who is theadore ?		theodore is the child of innocence and the youngest of the chipmunks .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		theodore often holds the swing vote between his two brothers ' choices of action .		did he do any movies ?		i do n't know .		when was he made ?		i do n't know .		what did he do ?		what did theodore do ?
alvin and the chipmunks		theodore seville		who are the chipmunks ?		simon appeals to theodore 's better nature while alvin goes straight to bribery .		who is theadore ?		theodore is the child of innocence and the youngest of the chipmunks .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		theodore often holds the swing vote between his two brothers ' choices of action .		did he do any movies ?		i do n't know .		when was he made ?		i do n't know .		what did he do ?		he is shy , loving , sensitive , chubby , gullible , trusting , and naive .		when was he born ?		when was theodore born ?
alvin and the chipmunks		recording technique		how did they go about getting the voices of the chipmunks ?		how did the producers go about getting the voices of alvin and the chipmunks ?
alvin and the chipmunks		recording technique		how did they go about getting the voices of the chipmunks ?		the chipmunks ' voices were recorded at half the normal tape speed		did they use different people for each of the chipmunks ?		did the producers use different people for each of alvin and the chipmunks ' voices ?
alvin and the chipmunks		recording technique		how did they go about getting the voices of the chipmunks ?		the chipmunks ' voices were recorded at half the normal tape speed		did they use different people for each of the chipmunks ?		ross bagdasarian sr . 's own voice		how did he come up with the idea ?		how did ross bagdasarian sr . come up with the idea for alvin and the chipmunks ' voices ?
alvin and the chipmunks		recording technique		how did they go about getting the voices of the chipmunks ?		the chipmunks ' voices were recorded at half the normal tape speed		did they use different people for each of the chipmunks ?		ross bagdasarian sr . 's own voice		how did he come up with the idea ?		the technique was by no means new to the chipmunks .		did he do this technique with any other characters he came up with ?		did ross bagdasarian sr . use his own voice with any other characters aside from alvin and the chipmunks ?
alvin and the chipmunks		recording technique		how did they go about getting the voices of the chipmunks ?		the chipmunks ' voices were recorded at half the normal tape speed		did they use different people for each of the chipmunks ?		ross bagdasarian sr . 's own voice		how did he come up with the idea ?		the technique was by no means new to the chipmunks .		did he do this technique with any other characters he came up with ?		characters in the wizard of oz		did he do any other movies ?		did ross bagdasarian sr . do any other movies besides alvin and the chipmunks ?
alvin and the chipmunks		recording technique		how did they go about getting the voices of the chipmunks ?		the chipmunks ' voices were recorded at half the normal tape speed		did they use different people for each of the chipmunks ?		ross bagdasarian sr . 's own voice		how did he come up with the idea ?		the technique was by no means new to the chipmunks .		did he do this technique with any other characters he came up with ?		characters in the wizard of oz		did he do any other movies ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from the voice creation , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
sampler ( musical instrument )		hierarchy		can you explain the heiarchy		can you explain the sampler heiarchy
sampler ( musical instrument )		hierarchy		can you explain the heiarchy		a sampler is organized into a hierarchy of progressively more complicated data structures . at the bottom lie samples , individual recordings of any sound ,		so how does have have any exciting points		so how does sampler have have any exciting points
sampler ( musical instrument )		hierarchy		can you explain the heiarchy		a sampler is organized into a hierarchy of progressively more complicated data structures . at the bottom lie samples , individual recordings of any sound ,		so how does have have any exciting points		) , a sample could be any sound , including " non - musical " sounds such as a typewriter clacking or a dog barking .		anything else ?		anything else about sampler , other than it having any sound ?
sampler ( musical instrument )		hierarchy		can you explain the heiarchy		a sampler is organized into a hierarchy of progressively more complicated data structures . at the bottom lie samples , individual recordings of any sound ,		so how does have have any exciting points		) , a sample could be any sound , including " non - musical " sounds such as a typewriter clacking or a dog barking .		anything else ?		filters can be applied to change the sound - color while low frequency oscillators and envelope generators can shape the amplitude , pitch , filter		was this great technology		was sampler great technology
cosmo kramer		pseudonyms		what were some of his pseudonyms ?		what were some of cosmo kramer 's pseudonyms ?
cosmo kramer		pseudonyms		what were some of his pseudonyms ?		h.e. pennypacker in		which episode did he use this name in ?		which episode did cosmo kramer use the name h.e. pennypacker in ?
cosmo kramer		pseudonyms		what were some of his pseudonyms ?		h.e. pennypacker in		which episode did he use this name in ?		" the puerto rican day " ,		what happened in this episode ?		what happened in the puerto rican day episode ?
cosmo kramer		pseudonyms		what were some of his pseudonyms ?		h.e. pennypacker in		which episode did he use this name in ?		" the puerto rican day " ,		what happened in this episode ?		" , kramer poses as a prospective buyer interested in an elegant apartment		does he end up getting the apartment ?		does cosmo kramer end up getting the apartment in the puerto rican day episode ?
cosmo kramer		pseudonyms		what were some of his pseudonyms ?		h.e. pennypacker in		which episode did he use this name in ?		" the puerto rican day " ,		what happened in this episode ?		" , kramer poses as a prospective buyer interested in an elegant apartment		does he end up getting the apartment ?		i do n't know .		what other names does he use ?		in addition to h.e. pennypacker , what other names does cosmo kramer use ?
cosmo kramer		pseudonyms		what were some of his pseudonyms ?		h.e. pennypacker in		which episode did he use this name in ?		" the puerto rican day " ,		what happened in this episode ?		" , kramer poses as a prospective buyer interested in an elegant apartment		does he end up getting the apartment ?		i do n't know .		what other names does he use ?		dr. martin van nostrand ,		which episode does he use this name in ?		which episode does kramer use the name dr. martin van nostrand in ?
cosmo kramer		pseudonyms		what were some of his pseudonyms ?		h.e. pennypacker in		which episode did he use this name in ?		" the puerto rican day " ,		what happened in this episode ?		" , kramer poses as a prospective buyer interested in an elegant apartment		does he end up getting the apartment ?		i do n't know .		what other names does he use ?		dr. martin van nostrand ,		which episode does he use this name in ?		" the package " .		what is the main plot of that episode ?		what is the main plot of the package episode ?
cosmo kramer		pseudonyms		what were some of his pseudonyms ?		h.e. pennypacker in		which episode did he use this name in ?		" the puerto rican day " ,		what happened in this episode ?		" , kramer poses as a prospective buyer interested in an elegant apartment		does he end up getting the apartment ?		i do n't know .		what other names does he use ?		dr. martin van nostrand ,		which episode does he use this name in ?		" the package " .		what is the main plot of that episode ?		kramer tries to get hold of elaine 's medical chart to		what does he try to do with her medical chart ?		what does kramer try to do with elaine 's medical chart in the package episode ?
cosmo kramer		pseudonyms		what were some of his pseudonyms ?		h.e. pennypacker in		which episode did he use this name in ?		" the puerto rican day " ,		what happened in this episode ?		" , kramer poses as a prospective buyer interested in an elegant apartment		does he end up getting the apartment ?		i do n't know .		what other names does he use ?		dr. martin van nostrand ,		which episode does he use this name in ?		" the package " .		what is the main plot of that episode ?		kramer tries to get hold of elaine 's medical chart to		what does he try to do with her medical chart ?		erase the negative comments her doctor has made		does he use any other names ?		besides h.e. pennypacker and dr. martin van nostrand , does kramer use any other names ?
nicola sturgeon		early political career		what party did she join in her early career ?		what party did nicola sturgeon join in her early career ?
nicola sturgeon		early political career		what party did she join in her early career ?		sturgeon joined the scottish national party ( snp ) in 1986 , having already become a member of the campaign for nuclear disarmament ,		when was the first time she went up for election ?		when was the first time nicola sturgeon went up for election ?
nicola sturgeon		early political career		what party did she join in her early career ?		sturgeon joined the scottish national party ( snp ) in 1986 , having already become a member of the campaign for nuclear disarmament ,		when was the first time she went up for election ?		she first stood for election in the 1992 general election as the snp candidate in the glasgow shettleston constituency ,		did she win the election ?		did nicola sturgeon win the 1992 general election ?
nicola sturgeon		early political career		what party did she join in her early career ?		sturgeon joined the scottish national party ( snp ) in 1986 , having already become a member of the campaign for nuclear disarmament ,		when was the first time she went up for election ?		she first stood for election in the 1992 general election as the snp candidate in the glasgow shettleston constituency ,		did she win the election ?		was the youngest parliamentary candidate in scotland , failing to win the seat .		what was her job during the early years ?		what was nicola sturgeon 's job during the early years ?
nicola sturgeon		early political career		what party did she join in her early career ?		sturgeon joined the scottish national party ( snp ) in 1986 , having already become a member of the campaign for nuclear disarmament ,		when was the first time she went up for election ?		she first stood for election in the 1992 general election as the snp candidate in the glasgow shettleston constituency ,		did she win the election ?		was the youngest parliamentary candidate in scotland , failing to win the seat .		what was her job during the early years ?		sturgeon also stood unsuccessfully as the snp candidate for the irvine north ward on cunninghame district council		was she a member of any organization ?		was nicola sturgeon a member of any organization ?
nicola sturgeon		early political career		what party did she join in her early career ?		sturgeon joined the scottish national party ( snp ) in 1986 , having already become a member of the campaign for nuclear disarmament ,		when was the first time she went up for election ?		she first stood for election in the 1992 general election as the snp candidate in the glasgow shettleston constituency ,		did she win the election ?		was the youngest parliamentary candidate in scotland , failing to win the seat .		what was her job during the early years ?		sturgeon also stood unsuccessfully as the snp candidate for the irvine north ward on cunninghame district council		was she a member of any organization ?		sturgeon was appointed as the snp 's spokesperson for energy and education matters .		where did she live at during her early political career ?		where did nicola sturgeon live at during her early political career ?
nicola sturgeon		early political career		what party did she join in her early career ?		sturgeon joined the scottish national party ( snp ) in 1986 , having already become a member of the campaign for nuclear disarmament ,		when was the first time she went up for election ?		she first stood for election in the 1992 general election as the snp candidate in the glasgow shettleston constituency ,		did she win the election ?		was the youngest parliamentary candidate in scotland , failing to win the seat .		what was her job during the early years ?		sturgeon also stood unsuccessfully as the snp candidate for the irvine north ward on cunninghame district council		was she a member of any organization ?		sturgeon was appointed as the snp 's spokesperson for energy and education matters .		where did she live at during her early political career ?		glasgow		did she run for any other elections during this time ?		did nicola sturgeon run for any other elections during her early political career besides standing for irvine north ward ?
nicola sturgeon		early political career		what party did she join in her early career ?		sturgeon joined the scottish national party ( snp ) in 1986 , having already become a member of the campaign for nuclear disarmament ,		when was the first time she went up for election ?		she first stood for election in the 1992 general election as the snp candidate in the glasgow shettleston constituency ,		did she win the election ?		was the youngest parliamentary candidate in scotland , failing to win the seat .		what was her job during the early years ?		sturgeon also stood unsuccessfully as the snp candidate for the irvine north ward on cunninghame district council		was she a member of any organization ?		sturgeon was appointed as the snp 's spokesperson for energy and education matters .		where did she live at during her early political career ?		glasgow		did she run for any other elections during this time ?		the 1997 general election saw sturgeon selected to fight the glasgow govan seat for the snp .		did she win the election this time around ?		did nicola sturgeon win the 1997 general election ?
jimmy carter		u.s. energy crisis		when did the u.s energy crisis happen ?		when did the u.s energy crisis happen ?
jimmy carter		u.s. energy crisis		when did the u.s energy crisis happen ?		u.s. energy crisis during the 1970s		what caused the energy crisis ?		what caused the energy crisis ?
jimmy carter		u.s. energy crisis		when did the u.s energy crisis happen ?		u.s. energy crisis during the 1970s		what caused the energy crisis ?		i do n't know .		how did carter deal with the crisis ?		how did carter deal with the crisis ?
jimmy carter		u.s. energy crisis		when did the u.s energy crisis happen ?		u.s. energy crisis during the 1970s		what caused the energy crisis ?		i do n't know .		how did carter deal with the crisis ?		on august 4 , 1977 , carter signed the department of energy organization act of 1977 , forming the department of energy ,		what did the department of energy consist of ?		what did the department of energy consist of ?
jimmy carter		u.s. energy crisis		when did the u.s energy crisis happen ?		u.s. energy crisis during the 1970s		what caused the energy crisis ?		i do n't know .		how did carter deal with the crisis ?		on august 4 , 1977 , carter signed the department of energy organization act of 1977 , forming the department of energy ,		what did the department of energy consist of ?		i do n't know .		what else did he do during this time period ?		aside from forming the department of energy , what else did carter do during 1970s ?
jimmy carter		u.s. energy crisis		when did the u.s energy crisis happen ?		u.s. energy crisis during the 1970s		what caused the energy crisis ?		i do n't know .		how did carter deal with the crisis ?		on august 4 , 1977 , carter signed the department of energy organization act of 1977 , forming the department of energy ,		what did the department of energy consist of ?		i do n't know .		what else did he do during this time period ?		on march 1 , 1979 , carter submitted a standby gasoline rationing plan per the request of congress .		how long did the rationing go on for ?		how long did the rationing go on for ?
luis walter alvarez		aviation		what did he do with aviation ?		what did luis walter alvarez do with aviation ?
luis walter alvarez		aviation		what did he do with aviation ?		he learned to fly in 1933 , later earning instrument and multi - engine ratings .		did he fly as his career ?		did luis walter alvarez fly as his career ?
luis walter alvarez		aviation		what did he do with aviation ?		he learned to fly in 1933 , later earning instrument and multi - engine ratings .		did he fly as his career ?		two separate careers , one in science and one in aviation .		what were some of his careers that involved flying ?		what were some of luis walter alvarez 's careers that involved flying ?
luis walter alvarez		aviation		what did he do with aviation ?		he learned to fly in 1933 , later earning instrument and multi - engine ratings .		did he fly as his career ?		two separate careers , one in science and one in aviation .		what were some of his careers that involved flying ?		during world war ii he led the development of multiple aviation - related technologies .		what else interesting happened with him in aviation ?		other than developing multiple aviation - related technologies , what else interesting happened with luis walter alvarez in aviation ?
luis walter alvarez		aviation		what did he do with aviation ?		he learned to fly in 1933 , later earning instrument and multi - engine ratings .		did he fly as his career ?		two separate careers , one in science and one in aviation .		what were some of his careers that involved flying ?		during world war ii he led the development of multiple aviation - related technologies .		what else interesting happened with him in aviation ?		alvarez served on multiple high level advisory committees related to civilian and military aviation .		what were his duties on that committee ?		what were luis walter alvarez 's duties on the high level advisory committees ?
luis walter alvarez		dinosaur extinction		did he make many discoveries about dinosaur extinction ?		did alvarez make many discoveries about dinosaur extinction ?
luis walter alvarez		dinosaur extinction		did he make many discoveries about dinosaur extinction ?		in 1980 , alvarez , alvarez , asaro , and michel published a seminal paper proposing an extraterrestrial cause for the cretaceous - paleogene extinction (		did he go on any digs ?		did alvarez go on any digs ?
luis walter alvarez		dinosaur extinction		did he make many discoveries about dinosaur extinction ?		in 1980 , alvarez , alvarez , asaro , and michel published a seminal paper proposing an extraterrestrial cause for the cretaceous - paleogene extinction (		did he go on any digs ?		during the 1970s , walter alvarez was doing geologic research in central italy .		what did he find on his italy dig ?		what did alvarez find on his italy dig ?
luis walter alvarez		dinosaur extinction		did he make many discoveries about dinosaur extinction ?		in 1980 , alvarez , alvarez , asaro , and michel published a seminal paper proposing an extraterrestrial cause for the cretaceous - paleogene extinction (		did he go on any digs ?		during the 1970s , walter alvarez was doing geologic research in central italy .		what did he find on his italy dig ?		there he had located an outcrop on the walls of a gorge whose limestone layers included strata both above and below the cretaceous - paleogene boundary .		what was the significance of that find ?		what was the significance of the find of the finding of the layers found at the boundary ?
luis walter alvarez		dinosaur extinction		did he make many discoveries about dinosaur extinction ?		in 1980 , alvarez , alvarez , asaro , and michel published a seminal paper proposing an extraterrestrial cause for the cretaceous - paleogene extinction (		did he go on any digs ?		during the 1970s , walter alvarez was doing geologic research in central italy .		what did he find on his italy dig ?		there he had located an outcrop on the walls of a gorge whose limestone layers included strata both above and below the cretaceous - paleogene boundary .		what was the significance of that find ?		walter told his father that the layer marked where the dinosaurs and much else became extinct and that nobody knew why ,		did he make any other significant finds in italy ?		besides the extinction layer , did alvarez make any other significant finds in italy ?
michael jordan		early nba years ( 1984 - 1987 )		what happened in the early years of the nba ?		what happened in michael jordan early years of the nba ?
michael jordan		early nba years ( 1984 - 1987 )		what happened in the early years of the nba ?		during his rookie season in the nba , jordan averaged 28.2 ppg on 51.5 % shooting . he quickly became a fan favorite even in opposing arenas ,		what team did he play for at this time ?		what team did michael jordan play for at his early nba years ?
michael jordan		early nba years ( 1984 - 1987 )		what happened in the early years of the nba ?		during his rookie season in the nba , jordan averaged 28.2 ppg on 51.5 % shooting . he quickly became a fan favorite even in opposing arenas ,		what team did he play for at this time ?		and he would go on to be voted rookie of the year . the bulls		how well did the bulls do in the early years ?		how well did the bulls do in michael jordan 's early years ?
michael jordan		early nba years ( 1984 - 1987 )		what happened in the early years of the nba ?		during his rookie season in the nba , jordan averaged 28.2 ppg on 51.5 % shooting . he quickly became a fan favorite even in opposing arenas ,		what team did he play for at this time ?		and he would go on to be voted rookie of the year . the bulls		how well did the bulls do in the early years ?		despite jordan 's injury and a 30 - 52 record ( at the time it was fifth worst record of any team to qualify for the playoffs in nba history ) ,		what happened next ?		what happened after jordan"s injury and the 30 - 52 record ?
michael jordan		early nba years ( 1984 - 1987 )		what happened in the early years of the nba ?		during his rookie season in the nba , jordan averaged 28.2 ppg on 51.5 % shooting . he quickly became a fan favorite even in opposing arenas ,		what team did he play for at this time ?		and he would go on to be voted rookie of the year . the bulls		how well did the bulls do in the early years ?		despite jordan 's injury and a 30 - 52 record ( at the time it was fifth worst record of any team to qualify for the playoffs in nba history ) ,		what happened next ?		the bulls made the playoffs .		how did they do in the playoffs ?		how did the bulls do in the playoffs ?
michael jordan		early nba years ( 1984 - 1987 )		what happened in the early years of the nba ?		during his rookie season in the nba , jordan averaged 28.2 ppg on 51.5 % shooting . he quickly became a fan favorite even in opposing arenas ,		what team did he play for at this time ?		and he would go on to be voted rookie of the year . the bulls		how well did the bulls do in the early years ?		despite jordan 's injury and a 30 - 52 record ( at the time it was fifth worst record of any team to qualify for the playoffs in nba history ) ,		what happened next ?		the bulls made the playoffs .		how did they do in the playoffs ?		the celtics , however , managed to sweep the series .		what was their scoring average during the playoffs ?		what was the bulls scoring average during the playoffs ?
michael jordan		early nba years ( 1984 - 1987 )		what happened in the early years of the nba ?		during his rookie season in the nba , jordan averaged 28.2 ppg on 51.5 % shooting . he quickly became a fan favorite even in opposing arenas ,		what team did he play for at this time ?		and he would go on to be voted rookie of the year . the bulls		how well did the bulls do in the early years ?		despite jordan 's injury and a 30 - 52 record ( at the time it was fifth worst record of any team to qualify for the playoffs in nba history ) ,		what happened next ?		the bulls made the playoffs .		how did they do in the playoffs ?		the celtics , however , managed to sweep the series .		what was their scoring average during the playoffs ?		jordan set the still - unbroken record for points in a playoff game with 63 in game 2 .		are there any other interesting events that happened in the early years ?		other than setting an unbroken record , are there any other interesting events that happened in michael jordan early years ?
michael jordan		pistons roadblock ( 1987 - 1990 )		what is the pistons roadblock referring to ?		what is the pistons roadblock referring to ?
michael jordan		pistons roadblock ( 1987 - 1990 )		what is the pistons roadblock referring to ?		despite pushing the series to seven games , the bulls lost to the pistons for the third consecutive season .		what year did the bulls lose to the pistons for the third consecutive season ?		what year did the bulls lose to the pistons for the third consecutive season ?
michael jordan		pistons roadblock ( 1987 - 1990 )		what is the pistons roadblock referring to ?		despite pushing the series to seven games , the bulls lost to the pistons for the third consecutive season .		what year did the bulls lose to the pistons for the third consecutive season ?		the 1989 - 90 season		who was their coach at the time ?		who was the bulls coach at the time of the 1989 - 90 season ?
michael jordan		pistons roadblock ( 1987 - 1990 )		what is the pistons roadblock referring to ?		despite pushing the series to seven games , the bulls lost to the pistons for the third consecutive season .		what year did the bulls lose to the pistons for the third consecutive season ?		the 1989 - 90 season		who was their coach at the time ?		new coach phil jackson .		who were other players on the bulls ' team at this time ?		aside from michael jordan , who were other players on the bulls ' team in the 1989 - 90 season ?
michael jordan		pistons roadblock ( 1987 - 1990 )		what is the pistons roadblock referring to ?		despite pushing the series to seven games , the bulls lost to the pistons for the third consecutive season .		what year did the bulls lose to the pistons for the third consecutive season ?		the 1989 - 90 season		who was their coach at the time ?		new coach phil jackson .		who were other players on the bulls ' team at this time ?		their core group of jordan and young improving players like scottie pippen and horace grant ,		how well did jordan play during this year ?		how well did jordan play during the 1989 - 90 season ?
michael jordan		pistons roadblock ( 1987 - 1990 )		what is the pistons roadblock referring to ?		despite pushing the series to seven games , the bulls lost to the pistons for the third consecutive season .		what year did the bulls lose to the pistons for the third consecutive season ?		the 1989 - 90 season		who was their coach at the time ?		new coach phil jackson .		who were other players on the bulls ' team at this time ?		their core group of jordan and young improving players like scottie pippen and horace grant ,		how well did jordan play during this year ?		jordan averaged a league leading 33.6 ppg on 52.6 % shooting , to go with 6.9 rpg and 6.3 apg in leading the bulls to a 55 - 27 record .		at what stage did they end up losing to the pistons ?		at what stage did the bulls end up losing to the pistons ?
michael jordan		pistons roadblock ( 1987 - 1990 )		what is the pistons roadblock referring to ?		despite pushing the series to seven games , the bulls lost to the pistons for the third consecutive season .		what year did the bulls lose to the pistons for the third consecutive season ?		the 1989 - 90 season		who was their coach at the time ?		new coach phil jackson .		who were other players on the bulls ' team at this time ?		their core group of jordan and young improving players like scottie pippen and horace grant ,		how well did jordan play during this year ?		jordan averaged a league leading 33.6 ppg on 52.6 % shooting , to go with 6.9 rpg and 6.3 apg in leading the bulls to a 55 - 27 record .		at what stage did they end up losing to the pistons ?		to seven games ,		how did the bulls play in the 1988 - 89 period ?		how did the bulls play in the 1988 - 89 period ?
michael jordan		pistons roadblock ( 1987 - 1990 )		what is the pistons roadblock referring to ?		despite pushing the series to seven games , the bulls lost to the pistons for the third consecutive season .		what year did the bulls lose to the pistons for the third consecutive season ?		the 1989 - 90 season		who was their coach at the time ?		new coach phil jackson .		who were other players on the bulls ' team at this time ?		their core group of jordan and young improving players like scottie pippen and horace grant ,		how well did jordan play during this year ?		jordan averaged a league leading 33.6 ppg on 52.6 % shooting , to go with 6.9 rpg and 6.3 apg in leading the bulls to a 55 - 27 record .		at what stage did they end up losing to the pistons ?		to seven games ,		how did the bulls play in the 1988 - 89 period ?		the bulls finished with a 47 - 35 record , and advanced to the eastern conference finals ,		who did they face in the eastern conference finals ?		who did the bulls face in the eastern conference finals ?
jim jones		move to california		when did he move to california ?		when did jim jones move to california ?
jim jones		move to california		when did he move to california ?		on july 15 , 1967 , that would then create a new socialist eden on earth , and that the temple had to move to northern california for safety .		what was supposed to happen on july 15 , 1967 ?		what was supposed to happen on july 15 , 1967 ?
jim jones		move to california		when did he move to california ?		on july 15 , 1967 , that would then create a new socialist eden on earth , and that the temple had to move to northern california for safety .		what was supposed to happen on july 15 , 1967 ?		when jones returned from brazil in december 1963 , he told his indiana congregation that the world would be engulfed by nuclear war on july 15 , 1967 ,		what was their response when the war did not occur ?		what was jim jones 's indiana congregation 's response when the predicted nuclear war did not occur ?
jim jones		move to california		when did he move to california ?		on july 15 , 1967 , that would then create a new socialist eden on earth , and that the temple had to move to northern california for safety .		what was supposed to happen on july 15 , 1967 ?		when jones returned from brazil in december 1963 , he told his indiana congregation that the world would be engulfed by nuclear war on july 15 , 1967 ,		what was their response when the war did not occur ?		i do n't know .		did any of jones ' followers accompany him to california ?		did any of jim jones ' followers accompany jim to california ?
jim jones		move to california		when did he move to california ?		on july 15 , 1967 , that would then create a new socialist eden on earth , and that the temple had to move to northern california for safety .		what was supposed to happen on july 15 , 1967 ?		when jones returned from brazil in december 1963 , he told his indiana congregation that the world would be engulfed by nuclear war on july 15 , 1967 ,		what was their response when the war did not occur ?		i do n't know .		did any of jones ' followers accompany him to california ?		accordingly , the temple began moving to redwood valley , california , near the city of ukiah .		did jones have a spouse or other family that went to california with him ?		did jim jones have a spouse or family that also went to california ?
atomic kitten		2002 - 2003 : third line - up , feels so good and international breakthrough		when did their international breakthrough occur ?		when did atomic kitten 's international breakthrough occur ?
atomic kitten		2002 - 2003 : third line - up , feels so good and international breakthrough		when did their international breakthrough occur ?		the scheduled 2002 tour ,		where did they travel ?		where did atomic kitten travel to ?
atomic kitten		2002 - 2003 : third line - up , feels so good and international breakthrough		when did their international breakthrough occur ?		the scheduled 2002 tour ,		where did they travel ?		january and february 2003 , atomic kitten toured southeast asia , visiting singapore , thailand , and korea .		when did the tour end ?		when did atomic kitten 's tour end ?
atomic kitten		2002 - 2003 : third line - up , feels so good and international breakthrough		when did their international breakthrough occur ?		the scheduled 2002 tour ,		where did they travel ?		january and february 2003 , atomic kitten toured southeast asia , visiting singapore , thailand , and korea .		when did the tour end ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the breakthrough and tour , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
atomic kitten		2002 - 2003 : third line - up , feels so good and international breakthrough		when did their international breakthrough occur ?		the scheduled 2002 tour ,		where did they travel ?		january and february 2003 , atomic kitten toured southeast asia , visiting singapore , thailand , and korea .		when did the tour end ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		mccluskey spoke of dissension between himself and the record company ,		was feels good an album ?		was feels so good an album of atomic kitten ?
atomic kitten		2002 - 2003 : third line - up , feels so good and international breakthrough		when did their international breakthrough occur ?		the scheduled 2002 tour ,		where did they travel ?		january and february 2003 , atomic kitten toured southeast asia , visiting singapore , thailand , and korea .		when did the tour end ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		mccluskey spoke of dissension between himself and the record company ,		was feels good an album ?		second studio album , feels so good		how did that fai at the charts ?		how did atomic kitten 's album fair at the charts ?
atomic kitten		2002 - 2003 : third line - up , feels so good and international breakthrough		when did their international breakthrough occur ?		the scheduled 2002 tour ,		where did they travel ?		january and february 2003 , atomic kitten toured southeast asia , visiting singapore , thailand , and korea .		when did the tour end ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		mccluskey spoke of dissension between himself and the record company ,		was feels good an album ?		second studio album , feels so good		how did that fai at the charts ?		1980 , which gave the group their third number - one single in the uk and new zealand .		any other chart toppers ?		aside from atomic kitten 's third number - one single , are there any other chart toppers ?
atomic kitten		2002 - 2003 : third line - up , feels so good and international breakthrough		when did their international breakthrough occur ?		the scheduled 2002 tour ,		where did they travel ?		january and february 2003 , atomic kitten toured southeast asia , visiting singapore , thailand , and korea .		when did the tour end ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		mccluskey spoke of dissension between himself and the record company ,		was feels good an album ?		second studio album , feels so good		how did that fai at the charts ?		1980 , which gave the group their third number - one single in the uk and new zealand .		any other chart toppers ?		the first single , " it 's ok " , peaked at number three in the united kingdom .		did they ever release in the us ?		did atomic kitten ever release in the us ?
pet shop boys		please and remix album disco : 1984 - 1986		when was please released ?		when was please released ?
pet shop boys		please and remix album disco : 1984 - 1986		when was please released ?		on 24 march .		was it a success ?		was please a success ?
pet shop boys		please and remix album disco : 1984 - 1986		when was please released ?		on 24 march .		was it a success ?		i do n't know .		did it contain any singles ?		did please contain any singles ?
pet shop boys		please and remix album disco : 1984 - 1986		when was please released ?		on 24 march .		was it a success ?		i do n't know .		did it contain any singles ?		" opportunities ( let 's make lots of money ) " ,		did it win any awards ?		did please win any awards ?
pet shop boys		please and remix album disco : 1984 - 1986		when was please released ?		on 24 march .		was it a success ?		i do n't know .		did it contain any singles ?		" opportunities ( let 's make lots of money ) " ,		did it win any awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to please , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
pet shop boys		please and remix album disco : 1984 - 1986		when was please released ?		on 24 march .		was it a success ?		i do n't know .		did it contain any singles ?		" opportunities ( let 's make lots of money ) " ,		did it win any awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in march 1985 , after long negotiations , pet shop boys cut their contractual ties with bobby o ,		why did they do that ?		why did pet shop boys cut their contractual ties with bobby o ?
tom mccall		vortex i		what is vortexx i ?		what is vortexx i ?
tom mccall		vortex i		what is vortexx i ?		" vortex i : a biodegradable festival of life , " in imitation of the famous woodstock festival held the previous year .		was this popular ?		was vortexx i popular ?
tom mccall		vortex i		what is vortexx i ?		" vortex i : a biodegradable festival of life , " in imitation of the famous woodstock festival held the previous year .		was this popular ?		vortex was the first and so far only state - sponsored rock festival in u.s. history .		was there problems having it commence ?		were there problems having vortexx i commence ?
tom mccall		vortex i		what is vortexx i ?		" vortex i : a biodegradable festival of life , " in imitation of the famous woodstock festival held the previous year .		was this popular ?		vortex was the first and so far only state - sponsored rock festival in u.s. history .		was there problems having it commence ?		the festival , nicknamed " the governor 's pot party " by oregonians , was a success , attracting between 50,000 and 100,000 people .		who led the festivle ?		who led the festival vortexx i ?
tom mccall		vortex i		what is vortexx i ?		" vortex i : a biodegradable festival of life , " in imitation of the famous woodstock festival held the previous year .		was this popular ?		vortex was the first and so far only state - sponsored rock festival in u.s. history .		was there problems having it commence ?		the festival , nicknamed " the governor 's pot party " by oregonians , was a success , attracting between 50,000 and 100,000 people .		who led the festivle ?		milo mciver state park near estacada ,		who played at the festivle ?		who played at the festival vortexx i ?
tom mccall		vortex i		what is vortexx i ?		" vortex i : a biodegradable festival of life , " in imitation of the famous woodstock festival held the previous year .		was this popular ?		vortex was the first and so far only state - sponsored rock festival in u.s. history .		was there problems having it commence ?		the festival , nicknamed " the governor 's pot party " by oregonians , was a success , attracting between 50,000 and 100,000 people .		who led the festivle ?		milo mciver state park near estacada ,		who played at the festivle ?		the portland zoo , osceola , fox , and chrome cyrcus were among the bands that played .		were there other bands that played ?		besides the portland zoo , osceola , fox , and chrome cyrcus , were there other bands that played at vortexx i ?
tom mccall		vortex i		what is vortexx i ?		" vortex i : a biodegradable festival of life , " in imitation of the famous woodstock festival held the previous year .		was this popular ?		vortex was the first and so far only state - sponsored rock festival in u.s. history .		was there problems having it commence ?		the festival , nicknamed " the governor 's pot party " by oregonians , was a success , attracting between 50,000 and 100,000 people .		who led the festivle ?		milo mciver state park near estacada ,		who played at the festivle ?		the portland zoo , osceola , fox , and chrome cyrcus were among the bands that played .		were there other bands that played ?		i do n't know .		did anything exciting happen during the festivle ?		did anything exciting happen during the festival vortexx i ?
tom mccall		vortex i		what is vortexx i ?		" vortex i : a biodegradable festival of life , " in imitation of the famous woodstock festival held the previous year .		was this popular ?		vortex was the first and so far only state - sponsored rock festival in u.s. history .		was there problems having it commence ?		the festival , nicknamed " the governor 's pot party " by oregonians , was a success , attracting between 50,000 and 100,000 people .		who led the festivle ?		milo mciver state park near estacada ,		who played at the festivle ?		the portland zoo , osceola , fox , and chrome cyrcus were among the bands that played .		were there other bands that played ?		i do n't know .		did anything exciting happen during the festivle ?		the feared violent clash between the antiwar groups and the conservative american legion was avoided ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article aside from documenting a music festival ?
tom mccall		vortex i		what is vortexx i ?		" vortex i : a biodegradable festival of life , " in imitation of the famous woodstock festival held the previous year .		was this popular ?		vortex was the first and so far only state - sponsored rock festival in u.s. history .		was there problems having it commence ?		the festival , nicknamed " the governor 's pot party " by oregonians , was a success , attracting between 50,000 and 100,000 people .		who led the festivle ?		milo mciver state park near estacada ,		who played at the festivle ?		the portland zoo , osceola , fox , and chrome cyrcus were among the bands that played .		were there other bands that played ?		i do n't know .		did anything exciting happen during the festivle ?		the feared violent clash between the antiwar groups and the conservative american legion was avoided ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in the general election that november , mccall was returned to office with 56 % of the vote .		how long was he in office ?		how long was tom mccall in office ?
blob ( comics )		age of apocalypse		what was the age of apocalypse ?		what was the storyline of the blob in age of apocalypse ?
blob ( comics )		age of apocalypse		what was the age of apocalypse ?		blob appears briefly in the age of apocalypse as a test subject that henry mccoy was toying with in the breeding pens in		did he have any special powers ?		did the blob have any special powers ?
blob ( comics )		age of apocalypse		what was the age of apocalypse ?		blob appears briefly in the age of apocalypse as a test subject that henry mccoy was toying with in the breeding pens in		did he have any special powers ?		blob to project his gravitational field outward .		was there other characters ?		besides the blob , were there other characters ?
blob ( comics )		age of apocalypse		what was the age of apocalypse ?		blob appears briefly in the age of apocalypse as a test subject that henry mccoy was toying with in the breeding pens in		did he have any special powers ?		blob to project his gravitational field outward .		was there other characters ?		his experimenter . havok		what did havok do ?		what did havok do in the story line of age of apocalypse ?
blob ( comics )		age of apocalypse		what was the age of apocalypse ?		blob appears briefly in the age of apocalypse as a test subject that henry mccoy was toying with in the breeding pens in		did he have any special powers ?		blob to project his gravitational field outward .		was there other characters ?		his experimenter . havok		what did havok do ?		havok came to mccoy 's rescue , but dukes proved to be even too much for the prelate to handle .		where there any other characters ?		besides the blob , havok , and dukes , were there any other characters in age of apocalypse ?
blob ( comics )		age of apocalypse		what was the age of apocalypse ?		blob appears briefly in the age of apocalypse as a test subject that henry mccoy was toying with in the breeding pens in		did he have any special powers ?		blob to project his gravitational field outward .		was there other characters ?		his experimenter . havok		what did havok do ?		havok came to mccoy 's rescue , but dukes proved to be even too much for the prelate to handle .		where there any other characters ?		sinister 's team known as sinister six .		did they all get along ?		did the blob get along with the sinister six ?
blob ( comics )		age of apocalypse		what was the age of apocalypse ?		blob appears briefly in the age of apocalypse as a test subject that henry mccoy was toying with in the breeding pens in		did he have any special powers ?		blob to project his gravitational field outward .		was there other characters ?		his experimenter . havok		what did havok do ?		havok came to mccoy 's rescue , but dukes proved to be even too much for the prelate to handle .		where there any other characters ?		sinister 's team known as sinister six .		did they all get along ?		following the sinister six 's defeat , blob managed to escape .		where there other characters ?		besides the blob , havok , dukes , and the sinister six , were there any other characters in age of apocalypse ?
blob ( comics )		age of apocalypse		what was the age of apocalypse ?		blob appears briefly in the age of apocalypse as a test subject that henry mccoy was toying with in the breeding pens in		did he have any special powers ?		blob to project his gravitational field outward .		was there other characters ?		his experimenter . havok		what did havok do ?		havok came to mccoy 's rescue , but dukes proved to be even too much for the prelate to handle .		where there any other characters ?		sinister 's team known as sinister six .		did they all get along ?		following the sinister six 's defeat , blob managed to escape .		where there other characters ?		black legion , a group of psychotic altered mutants under the supervision of a now insane weapon x.		did they fight at all ?		did the black legion and the blob fight at all ?
sam kinison		personal life		what did he do in his personal life ?		what did sam kinison do in his personal life ?
sam kinison		personal life		what did he do in his personal life ?		kinison acquired much of his material from his difficult first two marriages ,		who did he marry ?		who did sam kinison marry ?
sam kinison		personal life		what did he do in his personal life ?		kinison acquired much of his material from his difficult first two marriages ,		who did he marry ?		patricia adkins ( 1975 - 1980 )		did they divorce ?		did sam kinison and patricia adkins divorce ?
sam kinison		personal life		what did he do in his personal life ?		kinison acquired much of his material from his difficult first two marriages ,		who did he marry ?		patricia adkins ( 1975 - 1980 )		did they divorce ?		1980		why did they divorce ?		why did sam kinison and patricia adkins divorce ?
sam kinison		personal life		what did he do in his personal life ?		kinison acquired much of his material from his difficult first two marriages ,		who did he marry ?		patricia adkins ( 1975 - 1980 )		did they divorce ?		1980		why did they divorce ?		i do n't know .		who else did he marry ?		aside from patricia adkins , who else did sam kinison marry ?
sam kinison		personal life		what did he do in his personal life ?		kinison acquired much of his material from his difficult first two marriages ,		who did he marry ?		patricia adkins ( 1975 - 1980 )		did they divorce ?		1980		why did they divorce ?		i do n't know .		who else did he marry ?		terry marze ( 1981 - 1989 ) .		why did they divorce ?		why did sam kinison and terry marze divorce ?
joe satriani		music career		when did he start his music career ?		when did joe satriani start his music career ?
joe satriani		music career		when did he start his music career ?		satriani started playing in a san francisco - based band called the squares , where he continued to network and make musical connections		what instrument does he play ?		what instrument does joe satriani play ?
joe satriani		music career		when did he start his music career ?		satriani started playing in a san francisco - based band called the squares , where he continued to network and make musical connections		what instrument does he play ?		guitarist		what year did he start his music career ?		what year did joe satriani start his music career ?
joe satriani		music career		when did he start his music career ?		satriani started playing in a san francisco - based band called the squares , where he continued to network and make musical connections		what instrument does he play ?		guitarist		what year did he start his music career ?		i do n't know .		does he still play the guitar ?		does joe satriani still play the guitar ?
joe satriani		music career		when did he start his music career ?		satriani started playing in a san francisco - based band called the squares , where he continued to network and make musical connections		what instrument does he play ?		guitarist		what year did he start his music career ?		i do n't know .		does he still play the guitar ?		i do n't know .		is he still playing with the squares ?		is joe satriani still playing with the squares ?
joe satriani		music career		when did he start his music career ?		satriani started playing in a san francisco - based band called the squares , where he continued to network and make musical connections		what instrument does he play ?		guitarist		what year did he start his music career ?		i do n't know .		does he still play the guitar ?		i do n't know .		is he still playing with the squares ?		i do n't know .		did he play with any other bands ?		did joe satriani ever play with any bands other than the squares ?
joe satriani		music career		when did he start his music career ?		satriani started playing in a san francisco - based band called the squares , where he continued to network and make musical connections		what instrument does he play ?		guitarist		what year did he start his music career ?		i do n't know .		does he still play the guitar ?		i do n't know .		is he still playing with the squares ?		i do n't know .		did he play with any other bands ?		in 1988 satriani helped produce the ep the eyes of horror for the death metal band possessed .		is he still with that band ?		is joe satriani still with the death metal band possessed ?
green day		breakthrough success ( 1994 - 1996 )		how old were the boys when then started doing music together ?		how old were the boys when green day started doing music together ?
green day		breakthrough success ( 1994 - 1996 )		how old were the boys when then started doing music together ?		i do n't know .		the group changed their name many times , what was another name they used ?		green day changed their name many times , what was another name green day used ?
green day		breakthrough success ( 1994 - 1996 )		how old were the boys when then started doing music together ?		i do n't know .		the group changed their name many times , what was another name they used ?		i do n't know .		what was the name of the groups breakthrough album ?		what was the name of green day 's breakthrough album ?
green day		breakthrough success ( 1994 - 1996 )		how old were the boys when then started doing music together ?		i do n't know .		the group changed their name many times , what was another name they used ?		i do n't know .		what was the name of the groups breakthrough album ?		its major label debut , dookie .		what is your favorite fact about green day ?		what is your favorite fact about green day ?
green day		breakthrough success ( 1994 - 1996 )		how old were the boys when then started doing music together ?		i do n't know .		the group changed their name many times , what was another name they used ?		i do n't know .		what was the name of the groups breakthrough album ?		its major label debut , dookie .		what is your favorite fact about green day ?		the woodstock 1994 performance further aided green day 's growing publicity and recognition ,		what was the band working on in 1996 ?		what was green day working on in 1996 ?
green day		breakthrough success ( 1994 - 1996 )		how old were the boys when then started doing music together ?		i do n't know .		the group changed their name many times , what was another name they used ?		i do n't know .		what was the name of the groups breakthrough album ?		its major label debut , dookie .		what is your favorite fact about green day ?		the woodstock 1994 performance further aided green day 's growing publicity and recognition ,		what was the band working on in 1996 ?		after that , the band abruptly cancelled a european tour , citing exhaustion .		what was the bands best part ?		what was green day 's best album ?
green day		breakthrough success ( 1994 - 1996 )		how old were the boys when then started doing music together ?		i do n't know .		the group changed their name many times , what was another name they used ?		i do n't know .		what was the name of the groups breakthrough album ?		its major label debut , dookie .		what is your favorite fact about green day ?		the woodstock 1994 performance further aided green day 's growing publicity and recognition ,		what was the band working on in 1996 ?		after that , the band abruptly cancelled a european tour , citing exhaustion .		what was the bands best part ?		dookie won the grammy award for best alternative album and the band was nominated for nine mtv video music awards including video of the year .		is dookie a good name for a record ?		is dookie a good name for a record ?
green day		breakthrough success ( 1994 - 1996 )		how old were the boys when then started doing music together ?		i do n't know .		the group changed their name many times , what was another name they used ?		i do n't know .		what was the name of the groups breakthrough album ?		its major label debut , dookie .		what is your favorite fact about green day ?		the woodstock 1994 performance further aided green day 's growing publicity and recognition ,		what was the band working on in 1996 ?		after that , the band abruptly cancelled a european tour , citing exhaustion .		what was the bands best part ?		dookie won the grammy award for best alternative album and the band was nominated for nine mtv video music awards including video of the year .		is dookie a good name for a record ?		i do n't know .		did the group get along while on tour ?		did green day get along while on tour ?
green day		breakthrough success ( 1994 - 1996 )		how old were the boys when then started doing music together ?		i do n't know .		the group changed their name many times , what was another name they used ?		i do n't know .		what was the name of the groups breakthrough album ?		its major label debut , dookie .		what is your favorite fact about green day ?		the woodstock 1994 performance further aided green day 's growing publicity and recognition ,		what was the band working on in 1996 ?		after that , the band abruptly cancelled a european tour , citing exhaustion .		what was the bands best part ?		dookie won the grammy award for best alternative album and the band was nominated for nine mtv video music awards including video of the year .		is dookie a good name for a record ?		i do n't know .		did the group get along while on tour ?		i do n't know .		what awards did the group win ?		what awards did green day win ?
green day		breakthrough success ( 1994 - 1996 )		how old were the boys when then started doing music together ?		i do n't know .		the group changed their name many times , what was another name they used ?		i do n't know .		what was the name of the groups breakthrough album ?		its major label debut , dookie .		what is your favorite fact about green day ?		the woodstock 1994 performance further aided green day 's growing publicity and recognition ,		what was the band working on in 1996 ?		after that , the band abruptly cancelled a european tour , citing exhaustion .		what was the bands best part ?		dookie won the grammy award for best alternative album and the band was nominated for nine mtv video music awards including video of the year .		is dookie a good name for a record ?		i do n't know .		did the group get along while on tour ?		i do n't know .		what awards did the group win ?		the album won the band award nominations for favorite artist , favorite hard rock artist , and favorite alternative artist at the 1996 american music awards ,		did they win a grammy ?		did green day win a grammy ?
charles krauthammer		israel		what happened in israel ?		what happened in israel ?
charles krauthammer		israel		what happened in israel ?		continue the war against israel that he had ostensibly renounced in the israel - palestine liberation organization letters of recognition .		when did this took place ?		when did the war against israel take place ?
charles krauthammer		israel		what happened in israel ?		continue the war against israel that he had ostensibly renounced in the israel - palestine liberation organization letters of recognition .		when did this took place ?		2006 lebanon war ,		who else was part of this operation ?		besides israel who else was part of letters of recognition ?
charles krauthammer		israel		what happened in israel ?		continue the war against israel that he had ostensibly renounced in the israel - palestine liberation organization letters of recognition .		when did this took place ?		2006 lebanon war ,		who else was part of this operation ?		israeli - palestinian conflict was fundamentally defined by the palestinians ' unwillingness to accept compromise .		did the conflict get resolved ?		did israeli - palestinian conflict get resolved ?
charles krauthammer		israel		what happened in israel ?		continue the war against israel that he had ostensibly renounced in the israel - palestine liberation organization letters of recognition .		when did this took place ?		2006 lebanon war ,		who else was part of this operation ?		israeli - palestinian conflict was fundamentally defined by the palestinians ' unwillingness to accept compromise .		did the conflict get resolved ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from the israeli - palestinian conflict are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
charles krauthammer		israel		what happened in israel ?		continue the war against israel that he had ostensibly renounced in the israel - palestine liberation organization letters of recognition .		when did this took place ?		2006 lebanon war ,		who else was part of this operation ?		israeli - palestinian conflict was fundamentally defined by the palestinians ' unwillingness to accept compromise .		did the conflict get resolved ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		during the 2006 lebanon war , krauthammer wrote a column , " let israel win the war " : "		what was the impact of this column ?		what was the impact of let israel win the war ?
charles krauthammer		israel		what happened in israel ?		continue the war against israel that he had ostensibly renounced in the israel - palestine liberation organization letters of recognition .		when did this took place ?		2006 lebanon war ,		who else was part of this operation ?		israeli - palestinian conflict was fundamentally defined by the palestinians ' unwillingness to accept compromise .		did the conflict get resolved ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		during the 2006 lebanon war , krauthammer wrote a column , " let israel win the war " : "		what was the impact of this column ?		i do n't know .		did he write any other columns ?		other than let israel win the war did krauthammer write any other columns ?
joseph schacht		argument and method		what was unusual about schacht 's method ?		what was unusual about schacht 's method ?
joseph schacht		argument and method		what was unusual about schacht 's method ?		according to schacht the rules and standards of islamic law are derived from four primary sources :		what is one of the sources of islamic law ?		what is one of joseph schacht sources of islamic law ?
joseph schacht		argument and method		what was unusual about schacht 's method ?		according to schacht the rules and standards of islamic law are derived from four primary sources :		what is one of the sources of islamic law ?		from the qur`an ,		what other sources did he say islamic law comes from ?		what other sources did schacht say besides islamic law comes from ?
joseph schacht		argument and method		what was unusual about schacht 's method ?		according to schacht the rules and standards of islamic law are derived from four primary sources :		what is one of the sources of islamic law ?		from the qur`an ,		what other sources did he say islamic law comes from ?		from the hadith comprising the sunna of the prophet muhammad and his companions , from the consensus or ijma ' of the muslim community and from analogical reasoning or qiyas .		was he a great influence on other scholars of islam ?		was schacht a great influence on other scholars of islam law ?
joseph schacht		argument and method		what was unusual about schacht 's method ?		according to schacht the rules and standards of islamic law are derived from four primary sources :		what is one of the sources of islamic law ?		from the qur`an ,		what other sources did he say islamic law comes from ?		from the hadith comprising the sunna of the prophet muhammad and his companions , from the consensus or ijma ' of the muslim community and from analogical reasoning or qiyas .		was he a great influence on other scholars of islam ?		i do n't know .		what was his argument ?		what was schacht argument ?
joseph schacht		argument and method		what was unusual about schacht 's method ?		according to schacht the rules and standards of islamic law are derived from four primary sources :		what is one of the sources of islamic law ?		from the qur`an ,		what other sources did he say islamic law comes from ?		from the hadith comprising the sunna of the prophet muhammad and his companions , from the consensus or ijma ' of the muslim community and from analogical reasoning or qiyas .		was he a great influence on other scholars of islam ?		i do n't know .		what was his argument ?		schacht contends that far from constructing the standards of a legitimate epistemic enterprise al - shafi`i 's science of hadith amounts to little more than an uncritical acceptance of prophetic traditions		who is al - shafi`i ?		who is al - shafi`i ?
yair lapid		views on the israeli - palestinian conflict		what were some of the views ?		what were some of the yair lapid views on the israeli - palestinian conflict ?
yair lapid		views on the israeli - palestinian conflict		what were some of the views ?		lapid said that he would demand a resumption of negotiations between israel and the palestinian authority .		was this view well received ?		w are the yair lapid views on the israeli - palestinian conflict well received ?
yair lapid		views on the israeli - palestinian conflict		what were some of the views ?		lapid said that he would demand a resumption of negotiations between israel and the palestinian authority .		was this view well received ?		i do n't know .		what else did he have to say ?		besides demanding a resumption of negotiations , what else did yair lapid have to say ?
yair lapid		views on the israeli - palestinian conflict		what were some of the views ?		lapid said that he would demand a resumption of negotiations between israel and the palestinian authority .		was this view well received ?		i do n't know .		what else did he have to say ?		his party 's platform calls for an outline of " two states for two peoples " , while maintaining the large israeli settlement blocks and ensuring the safety of israel .		what other views did he hold ?		along with calling for an outline of " two states for two peoples",what other views did yair lapid hold ?
yair lapid		views on the israeli - palestinian conflict		what were some of the views ?		lapid said that he would demand a resumption of negotiations between israel and the palestinian authority .		was this view well received ?		i do n't know .		what else did he have to say ?		his party 's platform calls for an outline of " two states for two peoples " , while maintaining the large israeli settlement blocks and ensuring the safety of israel .		what other views did he hold ?		he said , " we 're not looking for a happy marriage with the palestinians , but for a divorce agreement we can live with . "		how did he do in the polls with those views ?		how did yair lapid do in the polls with his views on the israeli - palestinian conflict ?
yair lapid		views on the israeli - palestinian conflict		what were some of the views ?		lapid said that he would demand a resumption of negotiations between israel and the palestinian authority .		was this view well received ?		i do n't know .		what else did he have to say ?		his party 's platform calls for an outline of " two states for two peoples " , while maintaining the large israeli settlement blocks and ensuring the safety of israel .		what other views did he hold ?		he said , " we 're not looking for a happy marriage with the palestinians , but for a divorce agreement we can live with . "		how did he do in the polls with those views ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides yair lapid 's views on the israeli - palestinian conflict , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
woodrow wilson		academic career		where did he go to high school ?		where did woodrow wilson go to high school ?
woodrow wilson		academic career		where did he go to high school ?		i do n't know .		did he go to college ?		did woodrow wilson go to college ?
woodrow wilson		academic career		where did he go to high school ?		i do n't know .		did he go to college ?		wilson worked as a lecturer at cornell university in 1886 - 87 ,		what did he lecture ?		what did woodrow wilson lecture at cornell university ?
woodrow wilson		academic career		where did he go to high school ?		i do n't know .		did he go to college ?		wilson worked as a lecturer at cornell university in 1886 - 87 ,		what did he lecture ?		teaching ancient greek and roman history ;		why did he leave cornell ?		why did woodrow wilson leave cornell ?
woodrow wilson		academic career		where did he go to high school ?		i do n't know .		did he go to college ?		wilson worked as a lecturer at cornell university in 1886 - 87 ,		what did he lecture ?		teaching ancient greek and roman history ;		why did he leave cornell ?		i do n't know .		what did he teach there ?		what did woodrow wilson teach at bryn ?
woodrow wilson		academic career		where did he go to high school ?		i do n't know .		did he go to college ?		wilson worked as a lecturer at cornell university in 1886 - 87 ,		what did he lecture ?		teaching ancient greek and roman history ;		why did he leave cornell ?		i do n't know .		what did he teach there ?		ancient greek and roman history ;		where did he teach after bryn ?		where did woodrow wilson teach after bryn ?
woodrow wilson		academic career		where did he go to high school ?		i do n't know .		did he go to college ?		wilson worked as a lecturer at cornell university in 1886 - 87 ,		what did he lecture ?		teaching ancient greek and roman history ;		why did he leave cornell ?		i do n't know .		what did he teach there ?		ancient greek and roman history ;		where did he teach after bryn ?		wesleyan university ;		how long did he teach there ?		how long did woodrow wilson teach at wesleyan university ?
woodrow wilson		academic career		where did he go to high school ?		i do n't know .		did he go to college ?		wilson worked as a lecturer at cornell university in 1886 - 87 ,		what did he lecture ?		teaching ancient greek and roman history ;		why did he leave cornell ?		i do n't know .		what did he teach there ?		ancient greek and roman history ;		where did he teach after bryn ?		wesleyan university ;		how long did he teach there ?		february 1890 ,		why did he leave ?		why did woodrow wilson leave wesleyan university ?
anthony burgess		repatriate years		what happened during his repatriate years ?		what happened during anthony burgess 's repatriate years ?
anthony burgess		repatriate years		what happened during his repatriate years ?		in 1954 , burgess joined the british colonial service as a teacher and education officer in malaya ,		where was he stationed in malaya ?		where was burgess stationed in malaya ?
anthony burgess		repatriate years		what happened during his repatriate years ?		in 1954 , burgess joined the british colonial service as a teacher and education officer in malaya ,		where was he stationed in malaya ?		kuala kangsar in perak , in what were then known as the federated malay states .		what did he teach there ?		what did burgess teach at kuala kangsar ?
anthony burgess		repatriate years		what happened during his repatriate years ?		in 1954 , burgess joined the british colonial service as a teacher and education officer in malaya ,		where was he stationed in malaya ?		kuala kangsar in perak , in what were then known as the federated malay states .		what did he teach there ?		i do n't know .		what school did he teach at while he was there ?		what school did burgess teach at while he was in kuala kangsar ?
anthony burgess		repatriate years		what happened during his repatriate years ?		in 1954 , burgess joined the british colonial service as a teacher and education officer in malaya ,		where was he stationed in malaya ?		kuala kangsar in perak , in what were then known as the federated malay states .		what did he teach there ?		i do n't know .		what school did he teach at while he was there ?		malay college ( now malay college kuala kangsar - mckk		what else happened to him while he was there ?		besides teaching , what else happened to burgess while he was in kuala kangsar ?
anthony burgess		repatriate years		what happened during his repatriate years ?		in 1954 , burgess joined the british colonial service as a teacher and education officer in malaya ,		where was he stationed in malaya ?		kuala kangsar in perak , in what were then known as the federated malay states .		what did he teach there ?		i do n't know .		what school did he teach at while he was there ?		malay college ( now malay college kuala kangsar - mckk		what else happened to him while he was there ?		in addition to his teaching duties , he was a housemaster in charge of students		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides teaching and being in charge of students , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
george armstrong custer		hanover and abbottstown		what happened in hanover ?		what happened in hanover ?
george armstrong custer		hanover and abbottstown		what happened in hanover ?		a courier reported that farnsworth 's brigade had been attacked by rebel cavalry from side streets in the town .		what happened in abbotstown ?		what happened in abbotstown ?
george armstrong custer		hanover and abbottstown		what happened in hanover ?		a courier reported that farnsworth 's brigade had been attacked by rebel cavalry from side streets in the town .		what happened in abbotstown ?		two hundred horsemen , came racing down the country road " after custer and his men . he lost half of his men in the deadly rebel fire		where is hanover located ?		where is hanover located ?
george armstrong custer		hanover and abbottstown		what happened in hanover ?		a courier reported that farnsworth 's brigade had been attacked by rebel cavalry from side streets in the town .		what happened in abbotstown ?		two hundred horsemen , came racing down the country road " after custer and his men . he lost half of his men in the deadly rebel fire		where is hanover located ?		pennsylvania ,		where is abbottstown located ?		where is abbottstown located ?
george armstrong custer		hanover and abbottstown		what happened in hanover ?		a courier reported that farnsworth 's brigade had been attacked by rebel cavalry from side streets in the town .		what happened in abbotstown ?		two hundred horsemen , came racing down the country road " after custer and his men . he lost half of his men in the deadly rebel fire		where is hanover located ?		pennsylvania ,		where is abbottstown located ?		pennsylvania ,		was there a battle in hanover ?		was there a battle in hanover ?
george armstrong custer		hanover and abbottstown		what happened in hanover ?		a courier reported that farnsworth 's brigade had been attacked by rebel cavalry from side streets in the town .		what happened in abbotstown ?		two hundred horsemen , came racing down the country road " after custer and his men . he lost half of his men in the deadly rebel fire		where is hanover located ?		pennsylvania ,		where is abbottstown located ?		pennsylvania ,		was there a battle in hanover ?		custer deployed his troops and began to advance . after a brief firefight , the rebels withdrew to the northeast .		in what year was he in hanover ?		in what year was custer in hanover ?
george armstrong custer		hanover and abbottstown		what happened in hanover ?		a courier reported that farnsworth 's brigade had been attacked by rebel cavalry from side streets in the town .		what happened in abbotstown ?		two hundred horsemen , came racing down the country road " after custer and his men . he lost half of his men in the deadly rebel fire		where is hanover located ?		pennsylvania ,		where is abbottstown located ?		pennsylvania ,		was there a battle in hanover ?		custer deployed his troops and began to advance . after a brief firefight , the rebels withdrew to the northeast .		in what year was he in hanover ?		1863 ,		in what year was he in abbottstown ?		in what year was custer in abbottstown ?
george armstrong custer		hanover and abbottstown		what happened in hanover ?		a courier reported that farnsworth 's brigade had been attacked by rebel cavalry from side streets in the town .		what happened in abbotstown ?		two hundred horsemen , came racing down the country road " after custer and his men . he lost half of his men in the deadly rebel fire		where is hanover located ?		pennsylvania ,		where is abbottstown located ?		pennsylvania ,		was there a battle in hanover ?		custer deployed his troops and began to advance . after a brief firefight , the rebels withdrew to the northeast .		in what year was he in hanover ?		1863 ,		in what year was he in abbottstown ?		1863 ,		did custer 's brigade suffer any fatalities in these battles ?		did custer 's brigade suffer any fatalities in the battles of hanover and abbottstown ?
phyllis schlafly		equal rights amendment		what did phyllis have to do with the equal rights amendment ?		what did phyllis schlafly have to do with the equal rights amendment ?
phyllis schlafly		equal rights amendment		what did phyllis have to do with the equal rights amendment ?		schlafly focused political opposition to the era		how did she oppose it ?		how did phyllis schlafly oppose the equal rights amendment ?
phyllis schlafly		equal rights amendment		what did phyllis have to do with the equal rights amendment ?		schlafly focused political opposition to the era		how did she oppose it ?		in illinois , the anti - era activists used traditional symbols of the american housewife ,		why did she want to oppose era ?		why did phyllis schlafly want to oppose era ?
phyllis schlafly		equal rights amendment		what did phyllis have to do with the equal rights amendment ?		schlafly focused political opposition to the era		how did she oppose it ?		in illinois , the anti - era activists used traditional symbols of the american housewife ,		why did she want to oppose era ?		defense of traditional gender roles proved a useful tactic .		how else did she oppose era ?		how else did phyllis schlafly oppose era other than using defense of traditional gender role as a tactic ?
phyllis schlafly		equal rights amendment		what did phyllis have to do with the equal rights amendment ?		schlafly focused political opposition to the era		how did she oppose it ?		in illinois , the anti - era activists used traditional symbols of the american housewife ,		why did she want to oppose era ?		defense of traditional gender roles proved a useful tactic .		how else did she oppose era ?		schlafly said the era was designed for the benefit of young career women ,		did she win the fight to oppose it ?		did phyllis schlafly win the fight to oppose the equal rights amendment ?
phyllis schlafly		equal rights amendment		what did phyllis have to do with the equal rights amendment ?		schlafly focused political opposition to the era		how did she oppose it ?		in illinois , the anti - era activists used traditional symbols of the american housewife ,		why did she want to oppose era ?		defense of traditional gender roles proved a useful tactic .		how else did she oppose era ?		schlafly said the era was designed for the benefit of young career women ,		did she win the fight to oppose it ?		i do n't know .		when did she begin her opposition against era ?		when did phyllis schlafly begin her opposition against era ?
phyllis schlafly		equal rights amendment		what did phyllis have to do with the equal rights amendment ?		schlafly focused political opposition to the era		how did she oppose it ?		in illinois , the anti - era activists used traditional symbols of the american housewife ,		why did she want to oppose era ?		defense of traditional gender roles proved a useful tactic .		how else did she oppose era ?		schlafly said the era was designed for the benefit of young career women ,		did she win the fight to oppose it ?		i do n't know .		when did she begin her opposition against era ?		i do n't know .		who opposed her ?		who opposed phyllis schlafly ?
phyllis schlafly		equal rights amendment		what did phyllis have to do with the equal rights amendment ?		schlafly focused political opposition to the era		how did she oppose it ?		in illinois , the anti - era activists used traditional symbols of the american housewife ,		why did she want to oppose era ?		defense of traditional gender roles proved a useful tactic .		how else did she oppose era ?		schlafly said the era was designed for the benefit of young career women ,		did she win the fight to oppose it ?		i do n't know .		when did she begin her opposition against era ?		i do n't know .		who opposed her ?		now downplayed the program , as they focused almost exclusively on ratification of the era .		was the era ratified ?		was the era ratified ?
lil ' kim		early life and career beginnings		what year did lil kim release her first album ?		what year did lil kim release her first album ?
lil ' kim		early life and career beginnings		what year did lil kim release her first album ?		the group 's first and only album , conspiracy , was released to mediocre reviews		in what year was conspiracy released ?		in what year was lil ' kim 's album conspiracy released ?
lil ' kim		early life and career beginnings		what year did lil kim release her first album ?		the group 's first and only album , conspiracy , was released to mediocre reviews		in what year was conspiracy released ?		on august 29 , 1995		did the album conspiracy win any awards ?		did the album conspiracy by lil ' kim win any awards ?
lil ' kim		early life and career beginnings		what year did lil kim release her first album ?		the group 's first and only album , conspiracy , was released to mediocre reviews		in what year was conspiracy released ?		on august 29 , 1995		did the album conspiracy win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what was the next album released ?		what was lil ' kim 's next album after conspiracy ?
lil ' kim		early life and career beginnings		what year did lil kim release her first album ?		the group 's first and only album , conspiracy , was released to mediocre reviews		in what year was conspiracy released ?		on august 29 , 1995		did the album conspiracy win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what was the next album released ?		she began working on what would become her debut album hard core		how was the album hard core perceived ?		how was the album hard core by lil ' kim perceived ?
lil ' kim		early life and career beginnings		what year did lil kim release her first album ?		the group 's first and only album , conspiracy , was released to mediocre reviews		in what year was conspiracy released ?		on august 29 , 1995		did the album conspiracy win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what was the next album released ?		she began working on what would become her debut album hard core		how was the album hard core perceived ?		i do n't know .		what year was hard core released ?		what year was hard core by lil ' kim released ?
mark lanegan		collaboration with isobel campbell ( 2004 - 2011 )		who is isobel campbell ?		who is isobel campbell ?
mark lanegan		collaboration with isobel campbell ( 2004 - 2011 )		who is isobel campbell ?		lanegan released an ep with former belle & sebastian vocalist isobel campbell , titled time is just the same .		how did they know each other ?		how did isobel campbell and lanegan know each other ?
mark lanegan		collaboration with isobel campbell ( 2004 - 2011 )		who is isobel campbell ?		lanegan released an ep with former belle & sebastian vocalist isobel campbell , titled time is just the same .		how did they know each other ?		i do n't know .		did the ep with isobell campbell do well ?		did the lanegan 's ep with isobell campbell do well ?
mark lanegan		collaboration with isobel campbell ( 2004 - 2011 )		who is isobel campbell ?		lanegan released an ep with former belle & sebastian vocalist isobel campbell , titled time is just the same .		how did they know each other ?		i do n't know .		did the ep with isobell campbell do well ?		the record was well received by critics who likened the duo to nick cave and kylie minogue .		did they do any other projects together ?		in addition to ' ' time is just the same'',did isobel campbell and lanegan do any other projects together ?
mark lanegan		collaboration with isobel campbell ( 2004 - 2011 )		who is isobel campbell ?		lanegan released an ep with former belle & sebastian vocalist isobel campbell , titled time is just the same .		how did they know each other ?		i do n't know .		did the ep with isobell campbell do well ?		the record was well received by critics who likened the duo to nick cave and kylie minogue .		did they do any other projects together ?		they would later release a single entitled " ramblin ' man "		did the single sell a lot of copies ?		did the single ' ' ramblin ' man ' ' sell a lot of copies ?
pinhead ( hellraiser )		design		what is the significance of design ?		what is the significance of design for pinhead from hellraiser ?
pinhead ( hellraiser )		design		what is the significance of design ?		barker drew inspiration for the cenobite designs from punk fashion , catholicism and by the visits he took to s&m clubs		was it well - received ?		was pinhead from hellraiser well - received ?
pinhead ( hellraiser )		design		what is the significance of design ?		barker drew inspiration for the cenobite designs from punk fashion , catholicism and by the visits he took to s&m clubs		was it well - received ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting about design ?		besides the inspiration of the design of pinhead from hellraiser , is there anything else interesting about design ?
pinhead ( hellraiser )		design		what is the significance of design ?		barker drew inspiration for the cenobite designs from punk fashion , catholicism and by the visits he took to s&m clubs		was it well - received ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting about design ?		barker intended pinhead to have a navel piercing implying that the character had genital piercings .		did he have genital piercings ?		did pinhead from hellraiser have genital piercings ?
pinhead ( hellraiser )		design		what is the significance of design ?		barker drew inspiration for the cenobite designs from punk fashion , catholicism and by the visits he took to s&m clubs		was it well - received ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting about design ?		barker intended pinhead to have a navel piercing implying that the character had genital piercings .		did he have genital piercings ?		i do n't know .		does he have other piercings ?		other than navel or genital piercings , does pinhead from hellraiser have other piercings ?
girls aloud		other endeavours		what is another endeavor the band had ?		what is another endeavor girls aloud had ?
girls aloud		other endeavours		what is another endeavor the band had ?		girls aloud came together with mattel in 2005 to produce fashion fever barbies .		what is another one ?		what is another one ?
girls aloud		other endeavours		what is another endeavor the band had ?		girls aloud came together with mattel in 2005 to produce fashion fever barbies .		what is another one ?		group has also released girls on film and style .		are there any more ?		are there any more ?
girls aloud		other endeavours		what is another endeavor the band had ?		girls aloud came together with mattel in 2005 to produce fashion fever barbies .		what is another one ?		group has also released girls on film and style .		are there any more ?		official calendars have also been issued annually from 2004 to 2009 ,		what else did they do / create ?		in addition to girls on film and style , what else did girls aloud do / create ?
girls aloud		other endeavours		what is another endeavor the band had ?		girls aloud came together with mattel in 2005 to produce fashion fever barbies .		what is another one ?		group has also released girls on film and style .		are there any more ?		official calendars have also been issued annually from 2004 to 2009 ,		what else did they do / create ?		girls aloud co - wrote an autobiography titled dreams that glitter - our story .		what else did they do ?		in addition to co - writing an autobiography titled dreams that glitter - our story , what else did girls aloud do ?
epica ( band )		consign to oblivion / the score - an epic journey ( 2005 - 2006 )		what was a song on this album ?		what was a song on the album consign to oblivion / the score by epica ?
epica ( band )		consign to oblivion / the score - an epic journey ( 2005 - 2006 )		what was a song on this album ?		" a new age dawns "		who was a singer on one of these albums ?		who was a singer on the epica album consign to oblivion / the score ?
epica ( band )		consign to oblivion / the score - an epic journey ( 2005 - 2006 )		what was a song on this album ?		" a new age dawns "		who was a singer on one of these albums ?		the album features guest singing by roy khan (		were there any other singers ?		besides roy khan , were there any other singers on the epica album consign to oblivion / the score ?
epica ( band )		consign to oblivion / the score - an epic journey ( 2005 - 2006 )		what was a song on this album ?		" a new age dawns "		who was a singer on one of these albums ?		the album features guest singing by roy khan (		were there any other singers ?		i do n't know .		when was one of the albums released ?		when was the epica album consign to oblivion / the score released ?
epica ( band )		consign to oblivion / the score - an epic journey ( 2005 - 2006 )		what was a song on this album ?		" a new age dawns "		who was a singer on one of these albums ?		the album features guest singing by roy khan (		were there any other singers ?		i do n't know .		when was one of the albums released ?		september 2005		did it sell well ?		did consign to oblivion / the score by epica sell well ?
james baldwin		religion		did baldwin come from a religious family ?		did james baldwin come from a religious family ?
james baldwin		religion		did baldwin come from a religious family ?		during his teenage years , baldwin followed his stepfather 's shadow into the religious life .		was he happy with his feelings on religion ?		was james baldwin happy with the feelings on religion ?
james baldwin		religion		did baldwin come from a religious family ?		during his teenage years , baldwin followed his stepfather 's shadow into the religious life .		was he happy with his feelings on religion ?		however , he became dissatisfied with ministry , considering it hypocritical and racist , and ultimately left the church		what steps did he take after leaving the church ?		what steps did james baldwin take after leaving the church ?
james baldwin		religion		did baldwin come from a religious family ?		during his teenage years , baldwin followed his stepfather 's shadow into the religious life .		was he happy with his feelings on religion ?		however , he became dissatisfied with ministry , considering it hypocritical and racist , and ultimately left the church		what steps did he take after leaving the church ?		at the age of 14 he attended meetings of the pentecostal church and , during a euphoric prayer meeting ,		did he like that church ?		did james baldwin like the pentecostal church ?
james baldwin		religion		did baldwin come from a religious family ?		during his teenage years , baldwin followed his stepfather 's shadow into the religious life .		was he happy with his feelings on religion ?		however , he became dissatisfied with ministry , considering it hypocritical and racist , and ultimately left the church		what steps did he take after leaving the church ?		at the age of 14 he attended meetings of the pentecostal church and , during a euphoric prayer meeting ,		did he like that church ?		he converted and became a junior minister . before long , at the fireside pentecostal assembly , he was drawing larger crowds than his stepfather had done in his day .		was he happy with christianity now ?		was james baldwin happy with christianity now ?
james baldwin		religion		did baldwin come from a religious family ?		during his teenage years , baldwin followed his stepfather 's shadow into the religious life .		was he happy with his feelings on religion ?		however , he became dissatisfied with ministry , considering it hypocritical and racist , and ultimately left the church		what steps did he take after leaving the church ?		at the age of 14 he attended meetings of the pentecostal church and , during a euphoric prayer meeting ,		did he like that church ?		he converted and became a junior minister . before long , at the fireside pentecostal assembly , he was drawing larger crowds than his stepfather had done in his day .		was he happy with christianity now ?		at 17 , however , baldwin came to view christianity as based on false premises and later regarded his time in the pulpit as a way of overcoming his personal crises .		did going to church influence what he wrote about ?		did going to church influence what james baldwin wrote about ?
james baldwin		religion		did baldwin come from a religious family ?		during his teenage years , baldwin followed his stepfather 's shadow into the religious life .		was he happy with his feelings on religion ?		however , he became dissatisfied with ministry , considering it hypocritical and racist , and ultimately left the church		what steps did he take after leaving the church ?		at the age of 14 he attended meetings of the pentecostal church and , during a euphoric prayer meeting ,		did he like that church ?		he converted and became a junior minister . before long , at the fireside pentecostal assembly , he was drawing larger crowds than his stepfather had done in his day .		was he happy with christianity now ?		at 17 , however , baldwin came to view christianity as based on false premises and later regarded his time in the pulpit as a way of overcoming his personal crises .		did going to church influence what he wrote about ?		baldwin accused christianity of reinforcing the system of american slavery by palliating the pangs of oppression and delaying salvation until a promised afterlife .		what other things did baldwin say about religion ?		what other things did james baldwin say in addition religion ?
james baldwin		religion		did baldwin come from a religious family ?		during his teenage years , baldwin followed his stepfather 's shadow into the religious life .		was he happy with his feelings on religion ?		however , he became dissatisfied with ministry , considering it hypocritical and racist , and ultimately left the church		what steps did he take after leaving the church ?		at the age of 14 he attended meetings of the pentecostal church and , during a euphoric prayer meeting ,		did he like that church ?		he converted and became a junior minister . before long , at the fireside pentecostal assembly , he was drawing larger crowds than his stepfather had done in his day .		was he happy with christianity now ?		at 17 , however , baldwin came to view christianity as based on false premises and later regarded his time in the pulpit as a way of overcoming his personal crises .		did going to church influence what he wrote about ?		baldwin accused christianity of reinforcing the system of american slavery by palliating the pangs of oppression and delaying salvation until a promised afterlife .		what other things did baldwin say about religion ?		baldwin accused christianity of reinforcing the system of american slavery by palliating the pangs of oppression and delaying salvation until a promised afterlife .		is there anything else interesting ?		is there anything else about james baldwin aside from religion interesting ?
james baldwin		religion		did baldwin come from a religious family ?		during his teenage years , baldwin followed his stepfather 's shadow into the religious life .		was he happy with his feelings on religion ?		however , he became dissatisfied with ministry , considering it hypocritical and racist , and ultimately left the church		what steps did he take after leaving the church ?		at the age of 14 he attended meetings of the pentecostal church and , during a euphoric prayer meeting ,		did he like that church ?		he converted and became a junior minister . before long , at the fireside pentecostal assembly , he was drawing larger crowds than his stepfather had done in his day .		was he happy with christianity now ?		at 17 , however , baldwin came to view christianity as based on false premises and later regarded his time in the pulpit as a way of overcoming his personal crises .		did going to church influence what he wrote about ?		baldwin accused christianity of reinforcing the system of american slavery by palliating the pangs of oppression and delaying salvation until a promised afterlife .		what other things did baldwin say about religion ?		baldwin accused christianity of reinforcing the system of american slavery by palliating the pangs of oppression and delaying salvation until a promised afterlife .		is there anything else interesting ?		he answered , " i left the church 20 years ago and have n't joined anything since . "		why did n't he want to go back to church ?		why did n't james baldwin want to go back to church ?
james baldwin		religion		did baldwin come from a religious family ?		during his teenage years , baldwin followed his stepfather 's shadow into the religious life .		was he happy with his feelings on religion ?		however , he became dissatisfied with ministry , considering it hypocritical and racist , and ultimately left the church		what steps did he take after leaving the church ?		at the age of 14 he attended meetings of the pentecostal church and , during a euphoric prayer meeting ,		did he like that church ?		he converted and became a junior minister . before long , at the fireside pentecostal assembly , he was drawing larger crowds than his stepfather had done in his day .		was he happy with christianity now ?		at 17 , however , baldwin came to view christianity as based on false premises and later regarded his time in the pulpit as a way of overcoming his personal crises .		did going to church influence what he wrote about ?		baldwin accused christianity of reinforcing the system of american slavery by palliating the pangs of oppression and delaying salvation until a promised afterlife .		what other things did baldwin say about religion ?		baldwin accused christianity of reinforcing the system of american slavery by palliating the pangs of oppression and delaying salvation until a promised afterlife .		is there anything else interesting ?		he answered , " i left the church 20 years ago and have n't joined anything since . "		why did n't he want to go back to church ?		baldwin explained , " now ? nothing . i 'm a writer . i like doing things alone . "		did he ever sing any songs ?		did james baldwin ever sing any songs ?
james baldwin		religion		did baldwin come from a religious family ?		during his teenage years , baldwin followed his stepfather 's shadow into the religious life .		was he happy with his feelings on religion ?		however , he became dissatisfied with ministry , considering it hypocritical and racist , and ultimately left the church		what steps did he take after leaving the church ?		at the age of 14 he attended meetings of the pentecostal church and , during a euphoric prayer meeting ,		did he like that church ?		he converted and became a junior minister . before long , at the fireside pentecostal assembly , he was drawing larger crowds than his stepfather had done in his day .		was he happy with christianity now ?		at 17 , however , baldwin came to view christianity as based on false premises and later regarded his time in the pulpit as a way of overcoming his personal crises .		did going to church influence what he wrote about ?		baldwin accused christianity of reinforcing the system of american slavery by palliating the pangs of oppression and delaying salvation until a promised afterlife .		what other things did baldwin say about religion ?		baldwin accused christianity of reinforcing the system of american slavery by palliating the pangs of oppression and delaying salvation until a promised afterlife .		is there anything else interesting ?		he answered , " i left the church 20 years ago and have n't joined anything since . "		why did n't he want to go back to church ?		baldwin explained , " now ? nothing . i 'm a writer . i like doing things alone . "		did he ever sing any songs ?		a recording of him singing " precious lord , take my hand " a cappella was played at his funeral .		did he ever record himself singing a song ?		did james baldwin ever record a song ?
gerry mulligan		the pianoless quartet with chet baker		when did he start working with chet baker ?		when did gerry mulligan start working with chet baker ?
gerry mulligan		the pianoless quartet with chet baker		when did he start working with chet baker ?		during the monday night jam sessions , a young trumpeter named chet baker began sitting in with mulligan . mulligan and baker began recording together ,		when did they form the quartet ?		when did gerry mulligan and chet baker form a quartet ?
gerry mulligan		the pianoless quartet with chet baker		when did he start working with chet baker ?		during the monday night jam sessions , a young trumpeter named chet baker began sitting in with mulligan . mulligan and baker began recording together ,		when did they form the quartet ?		these three informal sessions took place in june , july , and august 1952		what instruments were in the quartet ?		what instruments were used in gerry mulligan and chet baker 's quartet ?
gerry mulligan		the pianoless quartet with chet baker		when did he start working with chet baker ?		during the monday night jam sessions , a young trumpeter named chet baker began sitting in with mulligan . mulligan and baker began recording together ,		when did they form the quartet ?		these three informal sessions took place in june , july , and august 1952		what instruments were in the quartet ?		baker on trumpet , bob whitlock on bass and chico hamilton on drums ( later mulligan himself would occasionally double on piano		did the make any recordings ?		did gerry mulligan and chet baker 's quartet make any recordings ?
gerry mulligan		the pianoless quartet with chet baker		when did he start working with chet baker ?		during the monday night jam sessions , a young trumpeter named chet baker began sitting in with mulligan . mulligan and baker began recording together ,		when did they form the quartet ?		these three informal sessions took place in june , july , and august 1952		what instruments were in the quartet ?		baker on trumpet , bob whitlock on bass and chico hamilton on drums ( later mulligan himself would occasionally double on piano		did the make any recordings ?		mulligan 's first recording sessions in los angeles were produced by bock for pacific jazz .		what was the name of the first album they recorded ?		what was the name of the first album gerry mulligan and chet baker 's quartet recorded ?
gerry mulligan		the pianoless quartet with chet baker		when did he start working with chet baker ?		during the monday night jam sessions , a young trumpeter named chet baker began sitting in with mulligan . mulligan and baker began recording together ,		when did they form the quartet ?		these three informal sessions took place in june , july , and august 1952		what instruments were in the quartet ?		baker on trumpet , bob whitlock on bass and chico hamilton on drums ( later mulligan himself would occasionally double on piano		did the make any recordings ?		mulligan 's first recording sessions in los angeles were produced by bock for pacific jazz .		what was the name of the first album they recorded ?		pacific jazz pj lp-1 and later on pj-8 .		what were the reviews like ?		what were the reviews like for gerry mulligan and chet baker 's quartet ?
gerry mulligan		the pianoless quartet with chet baker		when did he start working with chet baker ?		during the monday night jam sessions , a young trumpeter named chet baker began sitting in with mulligan . mulligan and baker began recording together ,		when did they form the quartet ?		these three informal sessions took place in june , july , and august 1952		what instruments were in the quartet ?		baker on trumpet , bob whitlock on bass and chico hamilton on drums ( later mulligan himself would occasionally double on piano		did the make any recordings ?		mulligan 's first recording sessions in los angeles were produced by bock for pacific jazz .		what was the name of the first album they recorded ?		pacific jazz pj lp-1 and later on pj-8 .		what were the reviews like ?		" their dates at the haig became sell - outs		did they do a second album ?		did gerry mulligan and chet baker 's quartet do a second album ?
gerry mulligan		the pianoless quartet with chet baker		when did he start working with chet baker ?		during the monday night jam sessions , a young trumpeter named chet baker began sitting in with mulligan . mulligan and baker began recording together ,		when did they form the quartet ?		these three informal sessions took place in june , july , and august 1952		what instruments were in the quartet ?		baker on trumpet , bob whitlock on bass and chico hamilton on drums ( later mulligan himself would occasionally double on piano		did the make any recordings ?		mulligan 's first recording sessions in los angeles were produced by bock for pacific jazz .		what was the name of the first album they recorded ?		pacific jazz pj lp-1 and later on pj-8 .		what were the reviews like ?		" their dates at the haig became sell - outs		did they do a second album ?		the gerry mulligan quartet featuring chet baker ' .		what songs were on that album ?		what songs were on gerry mulligan and chet baker 's quartet 's second album ?
gerry mulligan		last years		what ddid he do for the last few years		what did gerry mulligan do in his last few years
gerry mulligan		last years		what ddid he do for the last few years		until the end of his life , mulligan maintained an active career performing and recording jazz - usually with a quartet that included a piano .		what did he record		what did gerry mulligan record
gerry mulligan		last years		what ddid he do for the last few years		until the end of his life , mulligan maintained an active career performing and recording jazz - usually with a quartet that included a piano .		what did he record		re - birth of the cool ( released in 1992 ) featured the charts from birth of the cool ,		whaat hits were on that album		what hits were on re - birth of the cool
gerry mulligan		last years		what ddid he do for the last few years		until the end of his life , mulligan maintained an active career performing and recording jazz - usually with a quartet that included a piano .		what did he record		re - birth of the cool ( released in 1992 ) featured the charts from birth of the cool ,		whaat hits were on that album		i do n't know .		what other albums did he record		aside from re - birth of the cool , what other albums did gerry mulligan record
gerry mulligan		last years		what ddid he do for the last few years		until the end of his life , mulligan maintained an active career performing and recording jazz - usually with a quartet that included a piano .		what did he record		re - birth of the cool ( released in 1992 ) featured the charts from birth of the cool ,		whaat hits were on that album		i do n't know .		what other albums did he record		mulligan 's final recording was a quartet album ( with guests ) , dragonfly , recorded in the summer of 1995 and released on the telarc label .		did he die		did gerry mulligan die
gerry mulligan		last years		what ddid he do for the last few years		until the end of his life , mulligan maintained an active career performing and recording jazz - usually with a quartet that included a piano .		what did he record		re - birth of the cool ( released in 1992 ) featured the charts from birth of the cool ,		whaat hits were on that album		i do n't know .		what other albums did he record		mulligan 's final recording was a quartet album ( with guests ) , dragonfly , recorded in the summer of 1995 and released on the telarc label .		did he die		mulligan died in darien , connecticut , on january 20 , 1996 , at the age of 68 ,		what did he die of		what did gerry mulligan die of
gerry mulligan		last years		what ddid he do for the last few years		until the end of his life , mulligan maintained an active career performing and recording jazz - usually with a quartet that included a piano .		what did he record		re - birth of the cool ( released in 1992 ) featured the charts from birth of the cool ,		whaat hits were on that album		i do n't know .		what other albums did he record		mulligan 's final recording was a quartet album ( with guests ) , dragonfly , recorded in the summer of 1995 and released on the telarc label .		did he die		mulligan died in darien , connecticut , on january 20 , 1996 , at the age of 68 ,		what did he die of		complications from knee surgery .		anything else stand out		other than gerry mulligan last years , did anything else stand out
gerry mulligan		last years		what ddid he do for the last few years		until the end of his life , mulligan maintained an active career performing and recording jazz - usually with a quartet that included a piano .		what did he record		re - birth of the cool ( released in 1992 ) featured the charts from birth of the cool ,		whaat hits were on that album		i do n't know .		what other albums did he record		mulligan 's final recording was a quartet album ( with guests ) , dragonfly , recorded in the summer of 1995 and released on the telarc label .		did he die		mulligan died in darien , connecticut , on january 20 , 1996 , at the age of 68 ,		what did he die of		complications from knee surgery .		anything else stand out		his library and numerous personal effects ( including a gold - plated conn baritone saxophone ) were given to the library of congress .		what else was given		besides the giving out of gerry mulligan 's library and personal effects , what else was given
the clancy brothers		famous sweaters and initial success		what kind of sweaters did they make famous ?		what kind of sweaters did the clancy brothers make famous ?
the clancy brothers		famous sweaters and initial success		what kind of sweaters did they make famous ?		aran sweaters		what was their first popular song ?		what was the clancy brothers first popular song ?
the clancy brothers		famous sweaters and initial success		what kind of sweaters did they make famous ?		aran sweaters		what was their first popular song ?		brennan on the moor " , " jug of punch " , " reilly 's daughter " , " finnegan 's wake " , " haul away joe " , " roddy mccorley " , " portlairge " and " the moonshiner " .		what brought about their success ?		what brought about the clancy brothers ' success ?
the clancy brothers		famous sweaters and initial success		what kind of sweaters did they make famous ?		aran sweaters		what was their first popular song ?		brennan on the moor " , " jug of punch " , " reilly 's daughter " , " finnegan 's wake " , " haul away joe " , " roddy mccorley " , " portlairge " and " the moonshiner " .		what brought about their success ?		the clancy brothers and tommy makem performed for around fifteen minutes in front of a television audience of forty million people for the first time on the ed sullivan show .		what else helped in their success ?		what else helped in the clancy brothers success besides a performance on the ed sullivan show ?
the clancy brothers		group 's formation and tradition records		when did the group form ?		when was the group the clancy brothers formed ?
the clancy brothers		group 's formation and tradition records		when did the group form ?		in 1956 . paddy agreed and together he , tom , liam , and tommy makem recorded an album of irish rebel songs ,		what were some of their songs ?		what were some of the songs by the clancy brothers ?
the clancy brothers		group 's formation and tradition records		when did the group form ?		in 1956 . paddy agreed and together he , tom , liam , and tommy makem recorded an album of irish rebel songs ,		what were some of their songs ?		i do n't know .		who were the original members ?		who were the original members of the clancy brothers ?
the clancy brothers		group 's formation and tradition records		when did the group form ?		in 1956 . paddy agreed and together he , tom , liam , and tommy makem recorded an album of irish rebel songs ,		what were some of their songs ?		i do n't know .		who were the original members ?		together he , tom , liam , and tommy makem		what was some of their earlier songs ?		what were some of the clancy brothers earlier songs ?
marco simoncelli		death		how did he die		how did marco simoncelli die ?
marco simoncelli		death		how did he die		simoncelli was struck in the lower body by edwards		what happened after the crash		what happened after the crash with edwards ?
marco simoncelli		death		how did he die		simoncelli was struck in the lower body by edwards		what happened after the crash		the race was immediately red - flagged .		how badly was he hurt		how badly was marco simoncelli hurt ?
marco simoncelli		death		how did he die		simoncelli was struck in the lower body by edwards		what happened after the crash		the race was immediately red - flagged .		how badly was he hurt		a very serious trauma to the head , to the neck and the chest " , and was administered cpr for 45 minutes .		did he survive		did marco simoncelli survive ?
marco simoncelli		death		how did he die		simoncelli was struck in the lower body by edwards		what happened after the crash		the race was immediately red - flagged .		how badly was he hurt		a very serious trauma to the head , to the neck and the chest " , and was administered cpr for 45 minutes .		did he survive		he had died from his injuries .		was there any punishment for the other rider		was there any punishment for edwards aside from red - flagged ?
marco simoncelli		death		how did he die		simoncelli was struck in the lower body by edwards		what happened after the crash		the race was immediately red - flagged .		how badly was he hurt		a very serious trauma to the head , to the neck and the chest " , and was administered cpr for 45 minutes .		did he survive		he had died from his injuries .		was there any punishment for the other rider		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article aside from marco simoncelli 's death ?
marco simoncelli		death		how did he die		simoncelli was struck in the lower body by edwards		what happened after the crash		the race was immediately red - flagged .		how badly was he hurt		a very serious trauma to the head , to the neck and the chest " , and was administered cpr for 45 minutes .		did he survive		he had died from his injuries .		was there any punishment for the other rider		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		his body was flown home to italy , accompanied by his father paolo , his fiancee kate fretti , and valentino rossi .		was he buried there		was marco simoncelli buried in italy ?
marco simoncelli		motogp		what was simoncelli 's best year in the motogp ?		what was simoncelli 's best year in the motogp ?
marco simoncelli		motogp		what was simoncelli 's best year in the motogp ?		his best motogp finish was second place in the australian gp at phillip island .		how many did he compete against ?		how many people did simoncelli compete against ?
marco simoncelli		motogp		what was simoncelli 's best year in the motogp ?		his best motogp finish was second place in the australian gp at phillip island .		how many did he compete against ?		i do n't know .		what year was that ?		what year did simoncelli ' compete .
marco simoncelli		motogp		what was simoncelli 's best year in the motogp ?		his best motogp finish was second place in the australian gp at phillip island .		how many did he compete against ?		i do n't know .		what year was that ?		in the 2011 season ,		so his last year was his best ?		so simoncelli 's last year was his best ?
marco simoncelli		motogp		what was simoncelli 's best year in the motogp ?		his best motogp finish was second place in the australian gp at phillip island .		how many did he compete against ?		i do n't know .		what year was that ?		in the 2011 season ,		so his last year was his best ?		i do n't know .		what did he win ?		what did simoncelli win ?
marco simoncelli		motogp		what was simoncelli 's best year in the motogp ?		his best motogp finish was second place in the australian gp at phillip island .		how many did he compete against ?		i do n't know .		what year was that ?		in the 2011 season ,		so his last year was his best ?		i do n't know .		what did he win ?		simoncelli earned his first podium in the premier class , with a third place in the czech republic .		was his family there ?		was simoncelli 's family there ?
marco simoncelli		motogp		what was simoncelli 's best year in the motogp ?		his best motogp finish was second place in the australian gp at phillip island .		how many did he compete against ?		i do n't know .		what year was that ?		in the 2011 season ,		so his last year was his best ?		i do n't know .		what did he win ?		simoncelli earned his first podium in the premier class , with a third place in the czech republic .		was his family there ?		i do n't know .		how did he begin racing ?		how did simoncelli begin racing ?
marco simoncelli		motogp		what was simoncelli 's best year in the motogp ?		his best motogp finish was second place in the australian gp at phillip island .		how many did he compete against ?		i do n't know .		what year was that ?		in the 2011 season ,		so his last year was his best ?		i do n't know .		what did he win ?		simoncelli earned his first podium in the premier class , with a third place in the czech republic .		was his family there ?		i do n't know .		how did he begin racing ?		i do n't know .		does it state how old he was ?		does the article state how old simoncelli was ?
converge ( band )		you fail me ( 2004 - 2005 )		what is you fail me ?		what is you fail me ?
converge ( band )		you fail me ( 2004 - 2005 )		what is you fail me ?		"		what number album was you fail me ?		what number album was you fail me ?
converge ( band )		you fail me ( 2004 - 2005 )		what is you fail me ?		"		what number album was you fail me ?		on september 20 , 2004 converge released their fifth studio album you fail me .		was the album a success ?		was the album you fail me of converge a success ?
converge ( band )		you fail me ( 2004 - 2005 )		what is you fail me ?		"		what number album was you fail me ?		on september 20 , 2004 converge released their fifth studio album you fail me .		was the album a success ?		it was the band 's first to chart commercially , reaching number 171 on the billboard 200 .		were there any hit singles from the album ?		were there any hit singles from the album you fail me ?
converge ( band )		you fail me ( 2004 - 2005 )		what is you fail me ?		"		what number album was you fail me ?		on september 20 , 2004 converge released their fifth studio album you fail me .		was the album a success ?		it was the band 's first to chart commercially , reaching number 171 on the billboard 200 .		were there any hit singles from the album ?		on february 14 , 2005 a music video was released for the track " eagles become vultures " from the album you fail me ,		did they win any awards ?		did the band converge win any awards ?
converge ( band )		you fail me ( 2004 - 2005 )		what is you fail me ?		"		what number album was you fail me ?		on september 20 , 2004 converge released their fifth studio album you fail me .		was the album a success ?		it was the band 's first to chart commercially , reaching number 171 on the billboard 200 .		were there any hit singles from the album ?		on february 14 , 2005 a music video was released for the track " eagles become vultures " from the album you fail me ,		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		did they go on tour ?		did the band converge go on tour ?
dana scully		characterization		what was dana 's character like ?		what was dana scully 's character like in the x - files ?
dana scully		characterization		what was dana 's character like ?		her catholic faith served as a cornerstone ,		what are some personality traits ?		what are some of x - files character dana scully 's personality traits ?
dana scully		characterization		what was dana 's character like ?		her catholic faith served as a cornerstone ,		what are some personality traits ?		rigid skepticism		is there anything else interesting ?		besides dana scully 's catholic faith , is there anything else interesting ?
dana scully		characterization		what was dana 's character like ?		her catholic faith served as a cornerstone ,		what are some personality traits ?		rigid skepticism		is there anything else interesting ?		she was abducted by duane barry ,		what happened after that abduction ?		what happened after scully 's abduction in the x - files ?
dana scully		characterization		what was dana 's character like ?		her catholic faith served as a cornerstone ,		what are some personality traits ?		rigid skepticism		is there anything else interesting ?		she was abducted by duane barry ,		what happened after that abduction ?		mulder believes that scully was taken aboard an alien spaceship and was subjected to tests .		why did she believe that ?		why did mulder believe that scully was taken aboard an alien spaceship and was subjected to tests ?
dana scully		characterization		what was dana 's character like ?		her catholic faith served as a cornerstone ,		what are some personality traits ?		rigid skepticism		is there anything else interesting ?		she was abducted by duane barry ,		what happened after that abduction ?		mulder believes that scully was taken aboard an alien spaceship and was subjected to tests .		why did she believe that ?		exhibit symptoms of post - traumatic stress disorder		anything else about her personality ?		besides dana scully 's catholic faith , is there anything else about her personality ?
dana scully		characterization		what was dana 's character like ?		her catholic faith served as a cornerstone ,		what are some personality traits ?		rigid skepticism		is there anything else interesting ?		she was abducted by duane barry ,		what happened after that abduction ?		mulder believes that scully was taken aboard an alien spaceship and was subjected to tests .		why did she believe that ?		exhibit symptoms of post - traumatic stress disorder		anything else about her personality ?		she began to exhibit symptoms of post - traumatic stress disorder		what treatment did she get ?		what treatment did scully get for post - traumatic stress disorder ?
dana scully		characterization		what was dana 's character like ?		her catholic faith served as a cornerstone ,		what are some personality traits ?		rigid skepticism		is there anything else interesting ?		she was abducted by duane barry ,		what happened after that abduction ?		mulder believes that scully was taken aboard an alien spaceship and was subjected to tests .		why did she believe that ?		exhibit symptoms of post - traumatic stress disorder		anything else about her personality ?		she began to exhibit symptoms of post - traumatic stress disorder		what treatment did she get ?		i do n't know .		any other character traits ?		does the x - files character dana scully have any other character traits , besides rigid skepticism ?
kevin keegan		southampton ( 1980 - 1982 )		who is kevin		who is kevin keegan in southampton ?
kevin keegan		southampton ( 1980 - 1982 )		who is kevin		ampfield to announce that the european footballer of the year would be joining southampton in the forthcoming summer .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides keegan joining southampton , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
kevin keegan		southampton ( 1980 - 1982 )		who is kevin		ampfield to announce that the european footballer of the year would be joining southampton in the forthcoming summer .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		keegan had a clause inserted into his contract when he joined hamburg in 1977 , giving liverpool the option to buy him back .		who else did he contract with or join		along with hamburg , who else did keegan contract with or join ?
kevin keegan		southampton ( 1980 - 1982 )		who is kevin		ampfield to announce that the european footballer of the year would be joining southampton in the forthcoming summer .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		keegan had a clause inserted into his contract when he joined hamburg in 1977 , giving liverpool the option to buy him back .		who else did he contract with or join		liverpool , however , opted not to exercise this clause when he returned to england three years later .		what did he do in 1980		what did keegan do in england in 1980 ?
kevin keegan		southampton ( 1980 - 1982 )		who is kevin		ampfield to announce that the european footballer of the year would be joining southampton in the forthcoming summer .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		keegan had a clause inserted into his contract when he joined hamburg in 1977 , giving liverpool the option to buy him back .		who else did he contract with or join		liverpool , however , opted not to exercise this clause when he returned to england three years later .		what did he do in 1980		keegan made his southampton debut at lansdowne road in a pre - season friendly against shamrock rovers on 23 july 1980 .		what was the outcome		what was the outcome of keegan 's stay at southampton ?
kevin keegan		southampton ( 1980 - 1982 )		who is kevin		ampfield to announce that the european footballer of the year would be joining southampton in the forthcoming summer .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		keegan had a clause inserted into his contract when he joined hamburg in 1977 , giving liverpool the option to buy him back .		who else did he contract with or join		liverpool , however , opted not to exercise this clause when he returned to england three years later .		what did he do in 1980		keegan made his southampton debut at lansdowne road in a pre - season friendly against shamrock rovers on 23 july 1980 .		what was the outcome		keegan 's two seasons at the dell saw him as part of a flamboyant team also containing alan ball , phil boyer , mick channon and charlie george and in 1980 - 81		what happen in 1982		what happened to keegan in 1982 in southampton ?
kevin keegan		southampton ( 1980 - 1982 )		who is kevin		ampfield to announce that the european footballer of the year would be joining southampton in the forthcoming summer .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		keegan had a clause inserted into his contract when he joined hamburg in 1977 , giving liverpool the option to buy him back .		who else did he contract with or join		liverpool , however , opted not to exercise this clause when he returned to england three years later .		what did he do in 1980		keegan made his southampton debut at lansdowne road in a pre - season friendly against shamrock rovers on 23 july 1980 .		what was the outcome		keegan 's two seasons at the dell saw him as part of a flamboyant team also containing alan ball , phil boyer , mick channon and charlie george and in 1980 - 81		what happen in 1982		keegan was able to produce some of his best form and at the end of january 1982 southampton sat at the top of the first division table ,		anything else important kevin did ?		besides bringing southampton to top table , anything else important kevin did ?
george osborne		budget deficit		what year did this take place ?		what year did george osborne 's budget deficit take place ?
george osborne		budget deficit		what year did this take place ?		the economy subsequently began to pick up in mid-2013 , with osborne 's net public approval rating rising from -33 to +3 over the following 12 months .		what was the general consensus regarding the budget ? were people upset ?		what was the general consensus regarding george osborne 's budget deficit ? were people upset ?
george osborne		budget deficit		what year did this take place ?		the economy subsequently began to pick up in mid-2013 , with osborne 's net public approval rating rising from -33 to +3 over the following 12 months .		what was the general consensus regarding the budget ? were people upset ?		it was positively received by the public ,		what else can you tell me about the deficit ?		besides being positively received , what else can you tell me about george osborne 's budget deficit ?
george osborne		budget deficit		what year did this take place ?		the economy subsequently began to pick up in mid-2013 , with osborne 's net public approval rating rising from -33 to +3 over the following 12 months .		what was the general consensus regarding the budget ? were people upset ?		it was positively received by the public ,		what else can you tell me about the deficit ?		by march 2015 the annual deficit had been cut by about half of the initial target ;		anything else ?		aside from being cut by half of the initial target , can you tell me anything else about george osborne 's budget deficit ?
al costello		managing		who did he manage ?		who did al costello manage ?
al costello		managing		who did he manage ?		in 1975 , costello surprised everyone by returning to professional wrestling as the manager of the team known as " the love brothers " ( hartford and reggie love ) .		how did his team do ?		how did al costello 's team do ?
al costello		managing		who did he manage ?		in 1975 , costello surprised everyone by returning to professional wrestling as the manager of the team known as " the love brothers " ( hartford and reggie love ) .		how did his team do ?		he actually stepped into the ring on occasion as part of special six - man tag team matches .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article , besides al costello stepping in the ring on occasion ?
al costello		managing		who did he manage ?		in 1975 , costello surprised everyone by returning to professional wrestling as the manager of the team known as " the love brothers " ( hartford and reggie love ) .		how did his team do ?		he actually stepped into the ring on occasion as part of special six - man tag team matches .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		costello reformed the fabulous kangaroos once more , this time teaming up with wrestler tony charles .		what happened after they teamed up ?		what happened after al costello and tony charles teamed up ?
al costello		managing		who did he manage ?		in 1975 , costello surprised everyone by returning to professional wrestling as the manager of the team known as " the love brothers " ( hartford and reggie love ) .		how did his team do ?		he actually stepped into the ring on occasion as part of special six - man tag team matches .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		costello reformed the fabulous kangaroos once more , this time teaming up with wrestler tony charles .		what happened after they teamed up ?		defeated dominic denucci and chris markoff to win detroit 's version of the nwa world tag team title , the same title that costello and kent had previously held .		did they defeat anyone else ?		did al costello and tony charles defeat anyone other than dominic denucci and chris markoff ?
al costello		managing		who did he manage ?		in 1975 , costello surprised everyone by returning to professional wrestling as the manager of the team known as " the love brothers " ( hartford and reggie love ) .		how did his team do ?		he actually stepped into the ring on occasion as part of special six - man tag team matches .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		costello reformed the fabulous kangaroos once more , this time teaming up with wrestler tony charles .		what happened after they teamed up ?		defeated dominic denucci and chris markoff to win detroit 's version of the nwa world tag team title , the same title that costello and kent had previously held .		did they defeat anyone else ?		i do n't know .		did he manage any big names ?		did al costello manage any big names ?
belinda carlisle		personal life		did she marry ?		did belinda carlisle marry ?
belinda carlisle		personal life		did she marry ?		in 1986 , carlisle married political operative and film producer morgan mason ,		did they have any kids ?		did belinda carlisle have any kids ?
belinda carlisle		personal life		did she marry ?		in 1986 , carlisle married political operative and film producer morgan mason ,		did they have any kids ?		they have one son , james , who was born in 1992 .		did they divorce ?		did belinda carlisle and morgan mason divorce ?
belinda carlisle		personal life		did she marry ?		in 1986 , carlisle married political operative and film producer morgan mason ,		did they have any kids ?		they have one son , james , who was born in 1992 .		did they divorce ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from belinda carlisle'sbson , are there any other interesting aspects about the article ?
belinda carlisle		personal life		did she marry ?		in 1986 , carlisle married political operative and film producer morgan mason ,		did they have any kids ?		they have one son , james , who was born in 1992 .		did they divorce ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		during the initial stages of her tenure with the go - go 's , carlisle developed a serious addiction to cocaine and alcohol that would span thirty years .		did she ever go to rehab ?		did belinda carlisle ever go to rehab ?
belinda carlisle		personal life		did she marry ?		in 1986 , carlisle married political operative and film producer morgan mason ,		did they have any kids ?		they have one son , james , who was born in 1992 .		did they divorce ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		during the initial stages of her tenure with the go - go 's , carlisle developed a serious addiction to cocaine and alcohol that would span thirty years .		did she ever go to rehab ?		the incident jarred carlisle into seeking sobriety , and she has been sober since 2005 .		what else can you tell me ?		what else can belinda carlisle tell me about herself , in addition to being an addict ?
belinda carlisle		personal life		did she marry ?		in 1986 , carlisle married political operative and film producer morgan mason ,		did they have any kids ?		they have one son , james , who was born in 1992 .		did they divorce ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		during the initial stages of her tenure with the go - go 's , carlisle developed a serious addiction to cocaine and alcohol that would span thirty years .		did she ever go to rehab ?		the incident jarred carlisle into seeking sobriety , and she has been sober since 2005 .		what else can you tell me ?		" i do n't smoke anymore , i do n't drink any more and i do n't do drugs any more . i am very much into my buddhism .		when did she stop all of this ?		when did belinda carlisle stop smoking , drinking and doing drugs ?
belinda carlisle		personal life		did she marry ?		in 1986 , carlisle married political operative and film producer morgan mason ,		did they have any kids ?		they have one son , james , who was born in 1992 .		did they divorce ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		during the initial stages of her tenure with the go - go 's , carlisle developed a serious addiction to cocaine and alcohol that would span thirty years .		did she ever go to rehab ?		the incident jarred carlisle into seeking sobriety , and she has been sober since 2005 .		what else can you tell me ?		" i do n't smoke anymore , i do n't drink any more and i do n't do drugs any more . i am very much into my buddhism .		when did she stop all of this ?		she has been sober since 2005 .		what has she done sine 2005 ?		what has belinda carlisle done sine 2005 ?
belinda carlisle		personal life		did she marry ?		in 1986 , carlisle married political operative and film producer morgan mason ,		did they have any kids ?		they have one son , james , who was born in 1992 .		did they divorce ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		during the initial stages of her tenure with the go - go 's , carlisle developed a serious addiction to cocaine and alcohol that would span thirty years .		did she ever go to rehab ?		the incident jarred carlisle into seeking sobriety , and she has been sober since 2005 .		what else can you tell me ?		" i do n't smoke anymore , i do n't drink any more and i do n't do drugs any more . i am very much into my buddhism .		when did she stop all of this ?		she has been sober since 2005 .		what has she done sine 2005 ?		i am very much into my buddhism . i found turning 40 a real passage in time for me . "		does he practice buddhism ?		does belinda carlisle practice buddhism ?
the goon show		impact on comedy and culture		what was this show about ?		what was the goon show about ?
the goon show		impact on comedy and culture		what was this show about ?		the goon show , with its absurdity , manic surreality and unpredictability . "		what made this show so amazing		what made the goon show so amazing
the goon show		impact on comedy and culture		what was this show about ?		the goon show , with its absurdity , manic surreality and unpredictability . "		what made this show so amazing		the goon show was merely quick - fire delivery of extremely funny lines mouthed by eccentric characters ,		anything else made this show amazing ?		anything else make the goon show amazing , aside from its quick - fire delivery of extremely funny lines mouthed by eccentric characters ?
the goon show		impact on comedy and culture		what was this show about ?		the goon show , with its absurdity , manic surreality and unpredictability . "		what made this show so amazing		the goon show was merely quick - fire delivery of extremely funny lines mouthed by eccentric characters ,		anything else made this show amazing ?		in the goon show , spike was unknowingly portraying every facet of the british psyche " .		what made this show surreal ?		what made the goon show surreal ?
the goon show		impact on comedy and culture		what was this show about ?		the goon show , with its absurdity , manic surreality and unpredictability . "		what made this show so amazing		the goon show was merely quick - fire delivery of extremely funny lines mouthed by eccentric characters ,		anything else made this show amazing ?		in the goon show , spike was unknowingly portraying every facet of the british psyche " .		what made this show surreal ?		the anarchic spirit of the goon show ... would inspire , directly or indirectly and to varying extents , monty python 's flying circus , the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides that spike was " unknowingly portraying every facet of the british psyche " , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
the goon show		impact on comedy and culture		what was this show about ?		the goon show , with its absurdity , manic surreality and unpredictability . "		what made this show so amazing		the goon show was merely quick - fire delivery of extremely funny lines mouthed by eccentric characters ,		anything else made this show amazing ?		in the goon show , spike was unknowingly portraying every facet of the british psyche " .		what made this show surreal ?		the anarchic spirit of the goon show ... would inspire , directly or indirectly and to varying extents , monty python 's flying circus , the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		eddie izzard notes that the goons and milligan in particular " influenced a new generation of comedians who came to be known as ' alternative ' . "		what did people have to say about the show		what did people have to say about the goon show ?
masoumeh ebtekar		vice presidency first term ( 1997 - 2005 )		what was significant about 1997 ?		what was significant about masoumeh ebtekar in 1997 ?
masoumeh ebtekar		vice presidency first term ( 1997 - 2005 )		what was significant about 1997 ?		ebtekar was the first woman to serve as vice - president of iran when the reformists came to power .		what did she do in that office ?		what did masoumeh ebtekar do in that office as vice - president of iran ?
masoumeh ebtekar		vice presidency first term ( 1997 - 2005 )		what was significant about 1997 ?		ebtekar was the first woman to serve as vice - president of iran when the reformists came to power .		what did she do in that office ?		during her tenure environmental awareness and support for civil society activism in this area was enhanced .		what did she accomplish ?		what did masoumeh ebtekar accomplish as vice - president of iran ?
masoumeh ebtekar		vice presidency first term ( 1997 - 2005 )		what was significant about 1997 ?		ebtekar was the first woman to serve as vice - president of iran when the reformists came to power .		what did she do in that office ?		during her tenure environmental awareness and support for civil society activism in this area was enhanced .		what did she accomplish ?		on international women 's day in 1998 , as vice - president of environmental affairs , she made a speech condemning		what did she condem ?		what did masoumeh ebtekar condem as vice - president of iran ?
masoumeh ebtekar		vice presidency first term ( 1997 - 2005 )		what was significant about 1997 ?		ebtekar was the first woman to serve as vice - president of iran when the reformists came to power .		what did she do in that office ?		during her tenure environmental awareness and support for civil society activism in this area was enhanced .		what did she accomplish ?		on international women 's day in 1998 , as vice - president of environmental affairs , she made a speech condemning		what did she condem ?		the oppression of women by the taliban movement in afghanistan .		what did she do next in regards to this ?		what did masoumeh ebtekar do next in regards to the oppression of women by the taliban movement in afghanistan
masoumeh ebtekar		vice presidency first term ( 1997 - 2005 )		what was significant about 1997 ?		ebtekar was the first woman to serve as vice - president of iran when the reformists came to power .		what did she do in that office ?		during her tenure environmental awareness and support for civil society activism in this area was enhanced .		what did she accomplish ?		on international women 's day in 1998 , as vice - president of environmental affairs , she made a speech condemning		what did she condem ?		the oppression of women by the taliban movement in afghanistan .		what did she do next in regards to this ?		her performance caused comment by members of the western news media in attendance as she herself was wearing a chador , a reminder		reminder of what ?		what is the chador a reminder of ?
masoumeh ebtekar		vice presidency first term ( 1997 - 2005 )		what was significant about 1997 ?		ebtekar was the first woman to serve as vice - president of iran when the reformists came to power .		what did she do in that office ?		during her tenure environmental awareness and support for civil society activism in this area was enhanced .		what did she accomplish ?		on international women 's day in 1998 , as vice - president of environmental affairs , she made a speech condemning		what did she condem ?		the oppression of women by the taliban movement in afghanistan .		what did she do next in regards to this ?		her performance caused comment by members of the western news media in attendance as she herself was wearing a chador , a reminder		reminder of what ?		a reminder of compulsory hijab in iran which many in the west view as a violation of women 's rights .		what did she do next ?		what did masoumeh ebtekar do next ?
henry kissinger		army experience		when was henry kissinger born ?		when was henry kissinger born ?
henry kissinger		army experience		when was henry kissinger born ?		i do n't know .		was henry kissinger a jewish refugee ?		was henry kissinger a jewish refugee ?
henry kissinger		army experience		when was henry kissinger born ?		i do n't know .		was henry kissinger a jewish refugee ?		he made the acquaintance of fritz kraemer , a fellow jewish immigrant from germany		what was henry kissinger 's position in the nixon administration ?		what was henry kissinger 's position in the nixon administration ?
henry kissinger		army experience		when was henry kissinger born ?		i do n't know .		was henry kissinger a jewish refugee ?		he made the acquaintance of fritz kraemer , a fellow jewish immigrant from germany		what was henry kissinger 's position in the nixon administration ?		i do n't know .		what did henry kissinger do prior to becoming national security advisor ?		what did henry kissinger do prior to becoming national security advisor ?
henry kissinger		army experience		when was henry kissinger born ?		i do n't know .		was henry kissinger a jewish refugee ?		he made the acquaintance of fritz kraemer , a fellow jewish immigrant from germany		what was henry kissinger 's position in the nixon administration ?		i do n't know .		what did henry kissinger do prior to becoming national security advisor ?		in 1946 , kissinger was reassigned to teach at the european command intelligence school at camp king		did henry kissinger had any military experience ?		did henry kissinger had any military experience ?
henry kissinger		army experience		when was henry kissinger born ?		i do n't know .		was henry kissinger a jewish refugee ?		he made the acquaintance of fritz kraemer , a fellow jewish immigrant from germany		what was henry kissinger 's position in the nixon administration ?		i do n't know .		what did henry kissinger do prior to becoming national security advisor ?		in 1946 , kissinger was reassigned to teach at the european command intelligence school at camp king		did henry kissinger had any military experience ?		he became a cic special agent holding the enlisted rank of sergeant .		did henry kissinger received any medals in his military service ?		did henry kissinger received any medals in his military service ?
helen reddy		brief comeback to concerts		when did she make a brief comeback ?		when did helen reddy make a brief comeback to concerts ?
helen reddy		brief comeback to concerts		when did she make a brief comeback ?		in 2012 , reddy decided to return to performing after being buoyed by the warm reception she received when she sang at her sister 's 80th birthday party . "		how many shows did she do after her comeback ?		how many shows did helen reddy do after her comeback to concerts ?
helen reddy		brief comeback to concerts		when did she make a brief comeback ?		in 2012 , reddy decided to return to performing after being buoyed by the warm reception she received when she sang at her sister 's 80th birthday party . "		how many shows did she do after her comeback ?		on 12 july 2012 , reddy returned to the musical stage at croce 's jazz bar in san diego and for a benefit concert for the arts at st. genevieve high school		did she do any other shows after st. genevieve high school ?		did helen reddy do any other shows besides her sister 's 80th birthday party , musical stage at croce 's jazz bar in san diego and benefit concert for the arts at st. genevieve high school ?
helen reddy		brief comeback to concerts		when did she make a brief comeback ?		in 2012 , reddy decided to return to performing after being buoyed by the warm reception she received when she sang at her sister 's 80th birthday party . "		how many shows did she do after her comeback ?		on 12 july 2012 , reddy returned to the musical stage at croce 's jazz bar in san diego and for a benefit concert for the arts at st. genevieve high school		did she do any other shows after st. genevieve high school ?		reddy performed at the paramount nightclub at the crown & anchor in provincetown on 13 october 2013 .		did she perform anywhere after that ?		did helen reddy perform anywhere after paramount nightclub at the crown & anchor in provincetown on 13 october 2013 ?
helen reddy		brief comeback to concerts		when did she make a brief comeback ?		in 2012 , reddy decided to return to performing after being buoyed by the warm reception she received when she sang at her sister 's 80th birthday party . "		how many shows did she do after her comeback ?		on 12 july 2012 , reddy returned to the musical stage at croce 's jazz bar in san diego and for a benefit concert for the arts at st. genevieve high school		did she do any other shows after st. genevieve high school ?		reddy performed at the paramount nightclub at the crown & anchor in provincetown on 13 october 2013 .		did she perform anywhere after that ?		reddy appeared in downtown los angeles at the 2017 women 's march on january 21 .		what did she sing at the womens march ?		what did helen reddy sing at the womens march in downtown los angeles on january 21 , 2017 ?
helen reddy		brief comeback to concerts		when did she make a brief comeback ?		in 2012 , reddy decided to return to performing after being buoyed by the warm reception she received when she sang at her sister 's 80th birthday party . "		how many shows did she do after her comeback ?		on 12 july 2012 , reddy returned to the musical stage at croce 's jazz bar in san diego and for a benefit concert for the arts at st. genevieve high school		did she do any other shows after st. genevieve high school ?		reddy performed at the paramount nightclub at the crown & anchor in provincetown on 13 october 2013 .		did she perform anywhere after that ?		reddy appeared in downtown los angeles at the 2017 women 's march on january 21 .		what did she sing at the womens march ?		reddy was introduced by actress jamie lee curtis and sang an a cappella version of her song , " i am woman " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article besides croce 's jazz bar in san diego , benefit concert for the arts at st. genevieve high school , paramount nightclub , downtown los angeles at the 2017 women 's march and cappella version of her song , " i am woman " ?
helen reddy		brief comeback to concerts		when did she make a brief comeback ?		in 2012 , reddy decided to return to performing after being buoyed by the warm reception she received when she sang at her sister 's 80th birthday party . "		how many shows did she do after her comeback ?		on 12 july 2012 , reddy returned to the musical stage at croce 's jazz bar in san diego and for a benefit concert for the arts at st. genevieve high school		did she do any other shows after st. genevieve high school ?		reddy performed at the paramount nightclub at the crown & anchor in provincetown on 13 october 2013 .		did she perform anywhere after that ?		reddy appeared in downtown los angeles at the 2017 women 's march on january 21 .		what did she sing at the womens march ?		reddy was introduced by actress jamie lee curtis and sang an a cappella version of her song , " i am woman " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		she still refuses to sing " leave me alone ( ruby red dress ) "		why does she refuse to sing leave me alone ?		why does helen reddy refuse to sing leave me alone ?
helen reddy		brief comeback to concerts		when did she make a brief comeback ?		in 2012 , reddy decided to return to performing after being buoyed by the warm reception she received when she sang at her sister 's 80th birthday party . "		how many shows did she do after her comeback ?		on 12 july 2012 , reddy returned to the musical stage at croce 's jazz bar in san diego and for a benefit concert for the arts at st. genevieve high school		did she do any other shows after st. genevieve high school ?		reddy performed at the paramount nightclub at the crown & anchor in provincetown on 13 october 2013 .		did she perform anywhere after that ?		reddy appeared in downtown los angeles at the 2017 women 's march on january 21 .		what did she sing at the womens march ?		reddy was introduced by actress jamie lee curtis and sang an a cappella version of her song , " i am woman " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		she still refuses to sing " leave me alone ( ruby red dress ) "		why does she refuse to sing leave me alone ?		because she dislikes the monotony of the repeated chorus .		did she have any songs that she preferred to sing during her comeback ?		did helen reddy have any songs that she preferred to sing during her comeback ?
lewis carroll		health challenges		was lewis carroll sick ?		was lewis carroll sick ?
lewis carroll		health challenges		was lewis carroll sick ?		at the age of 17 , he suffered a severe attack of whooping cough ,		how did the whooping cough affect his life ?		how did the whooping cough affect carroll 's life ?
lewis carroll		health challenges		was lewis carroll sick ?		at the age of 17 , he suffered a severe attack of whooping cough ,		how did the whooping cough affect his life ?		was probably responsible for his chronically weak chest in later life .		did he have any other health problems ?		aside from whooping cough did carroll have any other health problems ?
lewis carroll		health challenges		was lewis carroll sick ?		at the age of 17 , he suffered a severe attack of whooping cough ,		how did the whooping cough affect his life ?		was probably responsible for his chronically weak chest in later life .		did he have any other health problems ?		another defect which he carried into adulthood was what he referred to as his " hesitation " , a stammer that he acquired in early childhood and which plagued him throughout his life .		what were his symptoms ?		what were carroll 's symptoms ?
lewis carroll		health challenges		was lewis carroll sick ?		at the age of 17 , he suffered a severe attack of whooping cough ,		how did the whooping cough affect his life ?		was probably responsible for his chronically weak chest in later life .		did he have any other health problems ?		another defect which he carried into adulthood was what he referred to as his " hesitation " , a stammer that he acquired in early childhood and which plagued him throughout his life .		what were his symptoms ?		dodgson 's stammer did trouble him , but it was never so debilitating that it prevented him from applying his other personal qualities to do well in society .		was he otherwise healthy ?		was carroll otherwise healthy ?
lewis carroll		health challenges		was lewis carroll sick ?		at the age of 17 , he suffered a severe attack of whooping cough ,		how did the whooping cough affect his life ?		was probably responsible for his chronically weak chest in later life .		did he have any other health problems ?		another defect which he carried into adulthood was what he referred to as his " hesitation " , a stammer that he acquired in early childhood and which plagued him throughout his life .		what were his symptoms ?		dodgson 's stammer did trouble him , but it was never so debilitating that it prevented him from applying his other personal qualities to do well in society .		was he otherwise healthy ?		a knee injury sustained in middle age . as a very young child , he suffered a fever that left him deaf in one ear .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides carroll 's heath are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
mohanlal		goodwill and brand ambassador		can you tell me more about goodwill and brand ambassador ?		can you tell me more about goodwill and brand ambassador ?
mohanlal		goodwill and brand ambassador		can you tell me more about goodwill and brand ambassador ?		mohanlal has been a goodwill ambassador for the government and other nonprofit organisations , mainly for public service ads and humanitarian causes .		how long has he been an ambassador for the government ?		how long has mohanlal been an ambassador for the government ?
mohanlal		goodwill and brand ambassador		can you tell me more about goodwill and brand ambassador ?		mohanlal has been a goodwill ambassador for the government and other nonprofit organisations , mainly for public service ads and humanitarian causes .		how long has he been an ambassador for the government ?		in march 2007 , he was made the goodwill ambassador of the aids awareness campaign by kerala aids control society , for which he acted in short awareness videos .		can you tell me more about the aids awareness campaign ?		can you tell me more about the aids awareness campaign by kerala aids control society ?
mohanlal		goodwill and brand ambassador		can you tell me more about goodwill and brand ambassador ?		mohanlal has been a goodwill ambassador for the government and other nonprofit organisations , mainly for public service ads and humanitarian causes .		how long has he been an ambassador for the government ?		in march 2007 , he was made the goodwill ambassador of the aids awareness campaign by kerala aids control society , for which he acted in short awareness videos .		can you tell me more about the aids awareness campaign ?		i do n't know .		how successful was the short awareness videos ?		how successful was the short awareness videos about the aids awareness campaign ?
mohanlal		goodwill and brand ambassador		can you tell me more about goodwill and brand ambassador ?		mohanlal has been a goodwill ambassador for the government and other nonprofit organisations , mainly for public service ads and humanitarian causes .		how long has he been an ambassador for the government ?		in march 2007 , he was made the goodwill ambassador of the aids awareness campaign by kerala aids control society , for which he acted in short awareness videos .		can you tell me more about the aids awareness campaign ?		i do n't know .		how successful was the short awareness videos ?		i do n't know .		what else is important regarding being appointed the goodwill ambassador of kerala state atletics ?		what else is important regarding being appointed the goodwill ambassador of kerala state atletics other than the aids awareness campaign ?
mohanlal		goodwill and brand ambassador		can you tell me more about goodwill and brand ambassador ?		mohanlal has been a goodwill ambassador for the government and other nonprofit organisations , mainly for public service ads and humanitarian causes .		how long has he been an ambassador for the government ?		in march 2007 , he was made the goodwill ambassador of the aids awareness campaign by kerala aids control society , for which he acted in short awareness videos .		can you tell me more about the aids awareness campaign ?		i do n't know .		how successful was the short awareness videos ?		i do n't know .		what else is important regarding being appointed the goodwill ambassador of kerala state atletics ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article other than mohanlal being appointed the goodwill ambassador of kerala state atletics ?
mohanlal		goodwill and brand ambassador		can you tell me more about goodwill and brand ambassador ?		mohanlal has been a goodwill ambassador for the government and other nonprofit organisations , mainly for public service ads and humanitarian causes .		how long has he been an ambassador for the government ?		in march 2007 , he was made the goodwill ambassador of the aids awareness campaign by kerala aids control society , for which he acted in short awareness videos .		can you tell me more about the aids awareness campaign ?		i do n't know .		how successful was the short awareness videos ?		i do n't know .		what else is important regarding being appointed the goodwill ambassador of kerala state atletics ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he has also appeared in several television commercials and advertisements for malabar gold and diamonds , oceanus etc .		how has that been going for him ?		how has appearing in several television commercials and advertisements for malabar gold and diamonds , oceanus etc . been going for mohanlal ?
mohanlal		goodwill and brand ambassador		can you tell me more about goodwill and brand ambassador ?		mohanlal has been a goodwill ambassador for the government and other nonprofit organisations , mainly for public service ads and humanitarian causes .		how long has he been an ambassador for the government ?		in march 2007 , he was made the goodwill ambassador of the aids awareness campaign by kerala aids control society , for which he acted in short awareness videos .		can you tell me more about the aids awareness campaign ?		i do n't know .		how successful was the short awareness videos ?		i do n't know .		what else is important regarding being appointed the goodwill ambassador of kerala state atletics ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he has also appeared in several television commercials and advertisements for malabar gold and diamonds , oceanus etc .		how has that been going for him ?		i do n't know .		can you tell me what else happened after that ?		can you tell me what else happened after that other than mohanlal being the goodwill ambassador of the aids awareness campaign by kerala aids control society ?
john barrowman		theatre		what was one of the theatres where he performed ?		what was one of the theatres where john barrowman performed ?
john barrowman		theatre		what was one of the theatres where he performed ?		prince edward theatre ,		what role did he play ?		what role did john barrowman play ?
john barrowman		theatre		what was one of the theatres where he performed ?		prince edward theatre ,		what role did he play ?		billy crocker in cole porter 's anything goes		what year was that ?		what year was john barrowman in cole porter 's anything goes ?
john barrowman		theatre		what was one of the theatres where he performed ?		prince edward theatre ,		what role did he play ?		billy crocker in cole porter 's anything goes		what year was that ?		1989 ,		what other roles did he play ?		besides billy crocker , what other roles did john barrowman play ?
john barrowman		theatre		what was one of the theatres where he performed ?		prince edward theatre ,		what role did he play ?		billy crocker in cole porter 's anything goes		what year was that ?		1989 ,		what other roles did he play ?		he continued to appear in west end productions for the next decade , taking the title role of domingo hernandez in matador		did he work at other theatres ?		besides prince edward theatre , did john barrowman work at other theatres ?
john barrowman		theatre		what was one of the theatres where he performed ?		prince edward theatre ,		what role did he play ?		billy crocker in cole porter 's anything goes		what year was that ?		1989 ,		what other roles did he play ?		he continued to appear in west end productions for the next decade , taking the title role of domingo hernandez in matador		did he work at other theatres ?		at the queen 's theatre in 1991 ;		has he done any recent theatre ?		has john barrowman done any recent theatre ?
john barrowman		theatre		what was one of the theatres where he performed ?		prince edward theatre ,		what role did he play ?		billy crocker in cole porter 's anything goes		what year was that ?		1989 ,		what other roles did he play ?		he continued to appear in west end productions for the next decade , taking the title role of domingo hernandez in matador		did he work at other theatres ?		at the queen 's theatre in 1991 ;		has he done any recent theatre ?		on 14 september 2008 . exactly one year later , barrowman succeeded roger allam as zaza / albin in the west end revival of la cage aux folles , at the playhouse theatre .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than cole porter 's anything goes , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
john barrowman		theatre		what was one of the theatres where he performed ?		prince edward theatre ,		what role did he play ?		billy crocker in cole porter 's anything goes		what year was that ?		1989 ,		what other roles did he play ?		he continued to appear in west end productions for the next decade , taking the title role of domingo hernandez in matador		did he work at other theatres ?		at the queen 's theatre in 1991 ;		has he done any recent theatre ?		on 14 september 2008 . exactly one year later , barrowman succeeded roger allam as zaza / albin in the west end revival of la cage aux folles , at the playhouse theatre .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in melbourne , australia on the 16th of january 2018 , barrowman performed his first and only show to a packed audience at the melbourne arts centre hamer hall .		has he done any musicals ?		has john barrowman done any musicals ?
john barrowman		theatre		what was one of the theatres where he performed ?		prince edward theatre ,		what role did he play ?		billy crocker in cole porter 's anything goes		what year was that ?		1989 ,		what other roles did he play ?		he continued to appear in west end productions for the next decade , taking the title role of domingo hernandez in matador		did he work at other theatres ?		at the queen 's theatre in 1991 ;		has he done any recent theatre ?		on 14 september 2008 . exactly one year later , barrowman succeeded roger allam as zaza / albin in the west end revival of la cage aux folles , at the playhouse theatre .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in melbourne , australia on the 16th of january 2018 , barrowman performed his first and only show to a packed audience at the melbourne arts centre hamer hall .		has he done any musicals ?		barrowman was part of the musical godspell in 1994 ,		what theatre was that at ?		what theatre was john barrowman in godspell at ?
john barrowman		prime time drama		what type of drama shows did barrowman star in ?		what types of drama shows did john barrowman star in ?
john barrowman		prime time drama		what type of drama shows did barrowman star in ?		barrowman 's television career began with several appearances in short - lived prime - time soap operas .		what role did he play in the soap operas ?		what role did john barrowman play in the soap operas ?
john barrowman		prime time drama		what type of drama shows did barrowman star in ?		barrowman 's television career began with several appearances in short - lived prime - time soap operas .		what role did he play in the soap operas ?		barrowman first starred as peter fairchild in central park west ( 1995 ) a show american film critic ken tucker calls " a tale of ritzy , ditsy new york city careerists		what else did he do after starring in the soap operas ?		what else did john barrowman do after starring in the soap operas besides starring in central park west ( 1995 ) ?
john barrowman		prime time drama		what type of drama shows did barrowman star in ?		barrowman 's television career began with several appearances in short - lived prime - time soap operas .		what role did he play in the soap operas ?		barrowman first starred as peter fairchild in central park west ( 1995 ) a show american film critic ken tucker calls " a tale of ritzy , ditsy new york city careerists		what else did he do after starring in the soap operas ?		on 25 march 2008 , barrowman made a guest appearance in episode 22 of the bbc 's hotel babylon .		did he have a successful career in prime time ?		did john barrowman have a successful career in prime time ?
john barrowman		prime time drama		what type of drama shows did barrowman star in ?		barrowman 's television career began with several appearances in short - lived prime - time soap operas .		what role did he play in the soap operas ?		barrowman first starred as peter fairchild in central park west ( 1995 ) a show american film critic ken tucker calls " a tale of ritzy , ditsy new york city careerists		what else did he do after starring in the soap operas ?		on 25 march 2008 , barrowman made a guest appearance in episode 22 of the bbc 's hotel babylon .		did he have a successful career in prime time ?		i do n't know .		what year was this ?		what year did john barrowman made a guest appearance in episode 22 of the bbc 's hotel babylon
john barrowman		prime time drama		what type of drama shows did barrowman star in ?		barrowman 's television career began with several appearances in short - lived prime - time soap operas .		what role did he play in the soap operas ?		barrowman first starred as peter fairchild in central park west ( 1995 ) a show american film critic ken tucker calls " a tale of ritzy , ditsy new york city careerists		what else did he do after starring in the soap operas ?		on 25 march 2008 , barrowman made a guest appearance in episode 22 of the bbc 's hotel babylon .		did he have a successful career in prime time ?		i do n't know .		what year was this ?		i do n't know .		how long did his career last in prime time ?		how long did john barrowman 's career last in prime time ?
john barrowman		prime time drama		what type of drama shows did barrowman star in ?		barrowman 's television career began with several appearances in short - lived prime - time soap operas .		what role did he play in the soap operas ?		barrowman first starred as peter fairchild in central park west ( 1995 ) a show american film critic ken tucker calls " a tale of ritzy , ditsy new york city careerists		what else did he do after starring in the soap operas ?		on 25 march 2008 , barrowman made a guest appearance in episode 22 of the bbc 's hotel babylon .		did he have a successful career in prime time ?		i do n't know .		what year was this ?		i do n't know .		how long did his career last in prime time ?		on may 2017 , barrowman announced that he is leaving the arrowverse television franchise .		what did he do after leaving arrowverse ?		what did john barrowman do after leaving arrowverse ?
raven ( dc comics )		raven		when does she first appear in the comics ?		when does raven first appear in the comics ?
raven ( dc comics )		raven		when does she first appear in the comics ?		i do n't know .		what are her special powers ?		what are raven 's special powers ?
raven ( dc comics )		raven		when does she first appear in the comics ?		i do n't know .		what are her special powers ?		raven was free to experience emotions for the first time in her life . raven found she was able to not only sense , but control others ' emotions .		when did she begin to experience these emotions for the first time ? what happened		when did raven begin to experience that she could sense and control others ' emotions for the first time ? what happened
raven ( dc comics )		raven		when does she first appear in the comics ?		i do n't know .		what are her special powers ?		raven was free to experience emotions for the first time in her life . raven found she was able to not only sense , but control others ' emotions .		when did she begin to experience these emotions for the first time ? what happened		as a result of the defeat of trigon ,		did she fight that entitiy alone ?		did raven fight trigon alone ?
raven ( dc comics )		raven		when does she first appear in the comics ?		i do n't know .		what are her special powers ?		raven was free to experience emotions for the first time in her life . raven found she was able to not only sense , but control others ' emotions .		when did she begin to experience these emotions for the first time ? what happened		as a result of the defeat of trigon ,		did she fight that entitiy alone ?		the minions of brother blood used raven to control nightwing ( formerly robin ) as part of blood 's plans . the titans rescued them both and prevented brother blood from returning to power .		did she began to control others ' minds ?		did raven begin to control others ' minds ?
raven ( dc comics )		raven		when does she first appear in the comics ?		i do n't know .		what are her special powers ?		raven was free to experience emotions for the first time in her life . raven found she was able to not only sense , but control others ' emotions .		when did she begin to experience these emotions for the first time ? what happened		as a result of the defeat of trigon ,		did she fight that entitiy alone ?		the minions of brother blood used raven to control nightwing ( formerly robin ) as part of blood 's plans . the titans rescued them both and prevented brother blood from returning to power .		did she began to control others ' minds ?		she learned to handle this power only after unintentionally making nightwing believe that he loved her when she thought that she was in love with him .		did he ever learn the truth about his feeling ?		did nightwing ever learn the truth about his feeling ?
raven ( dc comics )		raven		when does she first appear in the comics ?		i do n't know .		what are her special powers ?		raven was free to experience emotions for the first time in her life . raven found she was able to not only sense , but control others ' emotions .		when did she begin to experience these emotions for the first time ? what happened		as a result of the defeat of trigon ,		did she fight that entitiy alone ?		the minions of brother blood used raven to control nightwing ( formerly robin ) as part of blood 's plans . the titans rescued them both and prevented brother blood from returning to power .		did she began to control others ' minds ?		she learned to handle this power only after unintentionally making nightwing believe that he loved her when she thought that she was in love with him .		did he ever learn the truth about his feeling ?		i do n't know .		who else 's mind did she control ?		who else 's mind did raven control beside nightwing ?
raven ( dc comics )		raven		when does she first appear in the comics ?		i do n't know .		what are her special powers ?		raven was free to experience emotions for the first time in her life . raven found she was able to not only sense , but control others ' emotions .		when did she begin to experience these emotions for the first time ? what happened		as a result of the defeat of trigon ,		did she fight that entitiy alone ?		the minions of brother blood used raven to control nightwing ( formerly robin ) as part of blood 's plans . the titans rescued them both and prevented brother blood from returning to power .		did she began to control others ' minds ?		she learned to handle this power only after unintentionally making nightwing believe that he loved her when she thought that she was in love with him .		did he ever learn the truth about his feeling ?		i do n't know .		who else 's mind did she control ?		forrester knew that raven 's soul - self could help him to permanently retain his humanity .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides raven able to control and sense others ' emotions and helping forrester , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
raven ( dc comics )		raven		when does she first appear in the comics ?		i do n't know .		what are her special powers ?		raven was free to experience emotions for the first time in her life . raven found she was able to not only sense , but control others ' emotions .		when did she begin to experience these emotions for the first time ? what happened		as a result of the defeat of trigon ,		did she fight that entitiy alone ?		the minions of brother blood used raven to control nightwing ( formerly robin ) as part of blood 's plans . the titans rescued them both and prevented brother blood from returning to power .		did she began to control others ' minds ?		she learned to handle this power only after unintentionally making nightwing believe that he loved her when she thought that she was in love with him .		did he ever learn the truth about his feeling ?		i do n't know .		who else 's mind did she control ?		forrester knew that raven 's soul - self could help him to permanently retain his humanity .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		raven was later kidnapped by the wildebeest society during the " titans hunt " storyline .		what did they do to her in captivity ?		what did wildebeest society do to raven in captivity ?
raven ( dc comics )		first life of raven		what is the first life of raven ?		what is the first life of raven from dc comics ?
raven ( dc comics )		first life of raven		what is the first life of raven ?		raven was conceived as the result of trigon 's marriage to arella . raven grew up in an alternate dimension called azarath ,		what was azarath like ?		what was the azarath dimension like ?
raven ( dc comics )		first life of raven		what is the first life of raven ?		raven was conceived as the result of trigon 's marriage to arella . raven grew up in an alternate dimension called azarath ,		what was azarath like ?		with pacifistic inhabitants whose spiritual leader was the mystic azar ( pagon ) . she was taught to " control her emotions " by azar ,		why did she have to control her emotions ?		why did raven have to control her emotions ?
raven ( dc comics )		first life of raven		what is the first life of raven ?		raven was conceived as the result of trigon 's marriage to arella . raven grew up in an alternate dimension called azarath ,		what was azarath like ?		with pacifistic inhabitants whose spiritual leader was the mystic azar ( pagon ) . she was taught to " control her emotions " by azar ,		why did she have to control her emotions ?		in order to suppress her inherited demonic powers . initially , it was feared that if raven were ever to feel any strong emotion , she could then become possessed		what else happened in this first life time ?		along with inheriting her demonic powers , what else happened in raven 's first life time ?
raven ( dc comics )		first life of raven		what is the first life of raven ?		raven was conceived as the result of trigon 's marriage to arella . raven grew up in an alternate dimension called azarath ,		what was azarath like ?		with pacifistic inhabitants whose spiritual leader was the mystic azar ( pagon ) . she was taught to " control her emotions " by azar ,		why did she have to control her emotions ?		in order to suppress her inherited demonic powers . initially , it was feared that if raven were ever to feel any strong emotion , she could then become possessed		what else happened in this first life time ?		during this time , raven rarely saw her mother and grew detached from her .		what about her father ?		what about raven 's father ?
raven ( dc comics )		first life of raven		what is the first life of raven ?		raven was conceived as the result of trigon 's marriage to arella . raven grew up in an alternate dimension called azarath ,		what was azarath like ?		with pacifistic inhabitants whose spiritual leader was the mystic azar ( pagon ) . she was taught to " control her emotions " by azar ,		why did she have to control her emotions ?		in order to suppress her inherited demonic powers . initially , it was feared that if raven were ever to feel any strong emotion , she could then become possessed		what else happened in this first life time ?		during this time , raven rarely saw her mother and grew detached from her .		what about her father ?		upon azar 's death , arella began the task of raising and teaching raven .		what did he teach her ?		what did raven 's father , trigon teach her ?
raven ( dc comics )		first life of raven		what is the first life of raven ?		raven was conceived as the result of trigon 's marriage to arella . raven grew up in an alternate dimension called azarath ,		what was azarath like ?		with pacifistic inhabitants whose spiritual leader was the mystic azar ( pagon ) . she was taught to " control her emotions " by azar ,		why did she have to control her emotions ?		in order to suppress her inherited demonic powers . initially , it was feared that if raven were ever to feel any strong emotion , she could then become possessed		what else happened in this first life time ?		during this time , raven rarely saw her mother and grew detached from her .		what about her father ?		upon azar 's death , arella began the task of raising and teaching raven .		what did he teach her ?		raven was conceived as the result of trigon 's marriage to arella .		anything else interesting in the article ?		besides inheriting her demonic powers , did anything else interesting in the article about raven 's first life ?
raven ( dc comics )		first life of raven		what is the first life of raven ?		raven was conceived as the result of trigon 's marriage to arella . raven grew up in an alternate dimension called azarath ,		what was azarath like ?		with pacifistic inhabitants whose spiritual leader was the mystic azar ( pagon ) . she was taught to " control her emotions " by azar ,		why did she have to control her emotions ?		in order to suppress her inherited demonic powers . initially , it was feared that if raven were ever to feel any strong emotion , she could then become possessed		what else happened in this first life time ?		during this time , raven rarely saw her mother and grew detached from her .		what about her father ?		upon azar 's death , arella began the task of raising and teaching raven .		what did he teach her ?		raven was conceived as the result of trigon 's marriage to arella .		anything else interesting in the article ?		eventually , trigon escaped his prison , came to earth , and took control of raven , destroying azarath in the process .		what happened after that ?		what happened after raven 's father , trigon escaped prison ?
raven ( dc comics )		first life of raven		what is the first life of raven ?		raven was conceived as the result of trigon 's marriage to arella . raven grew up in an alternate dimension called azarath ,		what was azarath like ?		with pacifistic inhabitants whose spiritual leader was the mystic azar ( pagon ) . she was taught to " control her emotions " by azar ,		why did she have to control her emotions ?		in order to suppress her inherited demonic powers . initially , it was feared that if raven were ever to feel any strong emotion , she could then become possessed		what else happened in this first life time ?		during this time , raven rarely saw her mother and grew detached from her .		what about her father ?		upon azar 's death , arella began the task of raising and teaching raven .		what did he teach her ?		raven was conceived as the result of trigon 's marriage to arella .		anything else interesting in the article ?		eventually , trigon escaped his prison , came to earth , and took control of raven , destroying azarath in the process .		what happened after that ?		the titans were manipulated to kill raven , thereby allowing the souls of azarath		what happened to the souls ?		what happened to the souls of azarath ?
george robey		london debut		when did he make his london debut ?		when did george robey make his london debut ?
george robey		london debut		when did he make his london debut ?		w. h. branch , invited robey to appear at anderton 's hotel in fleet street , where he performed the popular new comic song " where did you get that hat ? " .		how old was he when this happened ?		how old was george robey when he made his london debut ?
george robey		london debut		when did he make his london debut ?		w. h. branch , invited robey to appear at anderton 's hotel in fleet street , where he performed the popular new comic song " where did you get that hat ? " .		how old was he when this happened ?		i do n't know .		how was his debut received by critics ?		how was george robey debut received by critics ?
george robey		london debut		when did he make his london debut ?		w. h. branch , invited robey to appear at anderton 's hotel in fleet street , where he performed the popular new comic song " where did you get that hat ? " .		how old was he when this happened ?		i do n't know .		how was his debut received by critics ?		? " . robey 's performance secured him a number of private engagements for which he was paid a guinea a night .		were there any conflicts ?		were there any conflicts with robey 's private engagements ?
george robey		london debut		when did he make his london debut ?		w. h. branch , invited robey to appear at anderton 's hotel in fleet street , where he performed the popular new comic song " where did you get that hat ? " .		how old was he when this happened ?		i do n't know .		how was his debut received by critics ?		? " . robey 's performance secured him a number of private engagements for which he was paid a guinea a night .		were there any conflicts ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than robey london debut , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
george robey		london debut		when did he make his london debut ?		w. h. branch , invited robey to appear at anderton 's hotel in fleet street , where he performed the popular new comic song " where did you get that hat ? " .		how old was he when this happened ?		i do n't know .		how was his debut received by critics ?		? " . robey 's performance secured him a number of private engagements for which he was paid a guinea a night .		were there any conflicts ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		robey conducted a music hall tour of the english provinces which began in chatham		did he have large audiences at those performances ?		did robey have large audiences at his music hall tour in chatham ?
john cena		ohio valley wrestling ( 2000 - 2002 )		was cena a college wrestler ?		was john cena a college wrestler ?
john cena		ohio valley wrestling ( 2000 - 2002 )		was cena a college wrestler ?		i do n't know .		what is ohio valley wrestling ?		what is ohio valley wrestling ?
john cena		ohio valley wrestling ( 2000 - 2002 )		was cena a college wrestler ?		i do n't know .		what is ohio valley wrestling ?		cena signed a developmental contract with the wwf and was assigned to its developmental territory ohio valley wrestling ( ovw ) .		was cena successful in the ovw ?		was cena successful in the ovw ?
john cena		ohio valley wrestling ( 2000 - 2002 )		was cena a college wrestler ?		i do n't know .		what is ohio valley wrestling ?		cena signed a developmental contract with the wwf and was assigned to its developmental territory ohio valley wrestling ( ovw ) .		was cena successful in the ovw ?		after his main roster call up in june 2002 , cena would continue to appear on ovw programming until the september 25 taping of ovw ,		when did cena wrestle for the ovw ?		when did john cena wrestle for the ovw ?
john cena		ohio valley wrestling ( 2000 - 2002 )		was cena a college wrestler ?		i do n't know .		what is ohio valley wrestling ?		cena signed a developmental contract with the wwf and was assigned to its developmental territory ohio valley wrestling ( ovw ) .		was cena successful in the ovw ?		after his main roster call up in june 2002 , cena would continue to appear on ovw programming until the september 25 taping of ovw ,		when did cena wrestle for the ovw ?		in 2001 ,		what was his persona in the ovw ?		what was cena 's persona in the ovw ?
john cena		ohio valley wrestling ( 2000 - 2002 )		was cena a college wrestler ?		i do n't know .		what is ohio valley wrestling ?		cena signed a developmental contract with the wwf and was assigned to its developmental territory ohio valley wrestling ( ovw ) .		was cena successful in the ovw ?		after his main roster call up in june 2002 , cena would continue to appear on ovw programming until the september 25 taping of ovw ,		when did cena wrestle for the ovw ?		in 2001 ,		what was his persona in the ovw ?		cena wrestled under the ring name the prototype		was the ovw john cena start in wrestling ?		was the ovw john cena 's start in wrestling ?
john cena		ohio valley wrestling ( 2000 - 2002 )		was cena a college wrestler ?		i do n't know .		what is ohio valley wrestling ?		cena signed a developmental contract with the wwf and was assigned to its developmental territory ohio valley wrestling ( ovw ) .		was cena successful in the ovw ?		after his main roster call up in june 2002 , cena would continue to appear on ovw programming until the september 25 taping of ovw ,		when did cena wrestle for the ovw ?		in 2001 ,		what was his persona in the ovw ?		cena wrestled under the ring name the prototype		was the ovw john cena start in wrestling ?		on october 10 , 2000 , while billed as the prototype , cena made his unofficial debut for the then world wrestling federation ( wwf ) on a smackdown !		did he win on his debut ?		did cena win on his debut ?
john cena		ohio valley wrestling ( 2000 - 2002 )		was cena a college wrestler ?		i do n't know .		what is ohio valley wrestling ?		cena signed a developmental contract with the wwf and was assigned to its developmental territory ohio valley wrestling ( ovw ) .		was cena successful in the ovw ?		after his main roster call up in june 2002 , cena would continue to appear on ovw programming until the september 25 taping of ovw ,		when did cena wrestle for the ovw ?		in 2001 ,		what was his persona in the ovw ?		cena wrestled under the ring name the prototype		was the ovw john cena start in wrestling ?		on october 10 , 2000 , while billed as the prototype , cena made his unofficial debut for the then world wrestling federation ( wwf ) on a smackdown !		did he win on his debut ?		which he lost .		did he have any other matches in the ovw ?		along with cena 's debut , did cena have any other matches in the ovw ?
zach galifianakis		mainstream performances		what was his first mainstream performance ?		what was zach galifianakis 's first mainstream performance ?
zach galifianakis		mainstream performances		what was his first mainstream performance ?		played alan garner in the hit comedy the hangover		what other roles did he take after that ?		what other roles did zach galifianakis take after the hangover ?
zach galifianakis		mainstream performances		what was his first mainstream performance ?		played alan garner in the hit comedy the hangover		what other roles did he take after that ?		g - force , youth in revolt and the oscar - nominated film up in the air .		what role did he play in up in the air ?		what role did zach galifianakis play in up in the air ?
zach galifianakis		mainstream performances		what was his first mainstream performance ?		played alan garner in the hit comedy the hangover		what other roles did he take after that ?		g - force , youth in revolt and the oscar - nominated film up in the air .		what role did he play in up in the air ?		i do n't know .		is there any interesting information ?		is there any other interesting information about zach galifianakis besides his appearance in the hangover ?
zach galifianakis		mainstream performances		what was his first mainstream performance ?		played alan garner in the hit comedy the hangover		what other roles did he take after that ?		g - force , youth in revolt and the oscar - nominated film up in the air .		what role did he play in up in the air ?		i do n't know .		is there any interesting information ?		in 2017 , galifianakis voiced the joker in the lego batman movie .		did he do any tv roles ?		did zach galifianakis do any tv roles ?
zach galifianakis		mainstream performances		what was his first mainstream performance ?		played alan garner in the hit comedy the hangover		what other roles did he take after that ?		g - force , youth in revolt and the oscar - nominated film up in the air .		what role did he play in up in the air ?		i do n't know .		is there any interesting information ?		in 2017 , galifianakis voiced the joker in the lego batman movie .		did he do any tv roles ?		in january 2014 , it was announced that galifianakis and louis c.k. were developing a comedy pilot for fx .		did that pilot turn into anything ?		did the pilot that zach galifianakis and louis c.k. developed for fx turn into anything ?
ashkenazi jews		high and late middle ages migrations		where did they migrate to ?		where did ashkenazi jews migrate to ?
ashkenazi jews		high and late middle ages migrations		where did they migrate to ?		jewish communities north of the alps and pyrenees		was there any reason for this ?		was there any reason for ashkenazi jews to migrate ?
ashkenazi jews		high and late middle ages migrations		where did they migrate to ?		jewish communities north of the alps and pyrenees		was there any reason for this ?		response to new economic opportunities		did they stay there or migrate more ?		did ashkenazi jews stay to the north of the alps and pyrenees or migrate more ?
ashkenazi jews		high and late middle ages migrations		where did they migrate to ?		jewish communities north of the alps and pyrenees		was there any reason for this ?		response to new economic opportunities		did they stay there or migrate more ?		settle in the north ,		when did they move there ?		when did ashkenazi jews move north ?
claudius		assassination of caligula ( 41 ad )		did claudius assassinate caligula ?		did claudius assassinate caligula ?
claudius		assassination of caligula ( 41 ad )		did claudius assassinate caligula ?		there is no evidence that claudius had a direct hand in the assassination ,		how was claudius involved ?		how was claudius involved in the assasination of caligula ?
claudius		assassination of caligula ( 41 ad )		did claudius assassinate caligula ?		there is no evidence that claudius had a direct hand in the assassination ,		how was claudius involved ?		although it has been argued that he knew about the plot -- particularly since he left the scene of the crime shortly before his nephew was murdered .		what happened after the murder ?		what happened to claudius after the murder of caligula ?
claudius		assassination of caligula ( 41 ad )		did claudius assassinate caligula ?		there is no evidence that claudius had a direct hand in the assassination ,		how was claudius involved ?		although it has been argued that he knew about the plot -- particularly since he left the scene of the crime shortly before his nephew was murdered .		what happened after the murder ?		claudius witnessed the german guard cut down several uninvolved noblemen , including many of his friends .		did claudius do anything to stop the german guard ?		did claudius do anything to stop the german guard from cutting down several uninvolved noblemen ?
claudius		assassination of caligula ( 41 ad )		did claudius assassinate caligula ?		there is no evidence that claudius had a direct hand in the assassination ,		how was claudius involved ?		although it has been argued that he knew about the plot -- particularly since he left the scene of the crime shortly before his nephew was murdered .		what happened after the murder ?		claudius witnessed the german guard cut down several uninvolved noblemen , including many of his friends .		did claudius do anything to stop the german guard ?		he fled to the palace to hide .		what happened after he hid ?		what happened to claudius after he hid from the german guard ?
claudius		assassination of caligula ( 41 ad )		did claudius assassinate caligula ?		there is no evidence that claudius had a direct hand in the assassination ,		how was claudius involved ?		although it has been argued that he knew about the plot -- particularly since he left the scene of the crime shortly before his nephew was murdered .		what happened after the murder ?		claudius witnessed the german guard cut down several uninvolved noblemen , including many of his friends .		did claudius do anything to stop the german guard ?		he fled to the palace to hide .		what happened after he hid ?		a praetorian named gratus found him hiding behind a curtain and suddenly declared him princeps .		did he rule rome ?		did claudius rule rome ?
claudius		assassination of caligula ( 41 ad )		did claudius assassinate caligula ?		there is no evidence that claudius had a direct hand in the assassination ,		how was claudius involved ?		although it has been argued that he knew about the plot -- particularly since he left the scene of the crime shortly before his nephew was murdered .		what happened after the murder ?		claudius witnessed the german guard cut down several uninvolved noblemen , including many of his friends .		did claudius do anything to stop the german guard ?		he fled to the palace to hide .		what happened after he hid ?		a praetorian named gratus found him hiding behind a curtain and suddenly declared him princeps .		did he rule rome ?		i do n't know .		what happened after gratus found him ?		what happened after gratus found claudis ?
john c. frmont		courtmartial and resignation		what did he get courtmartialed ?		what did john c. frmont get courtmartialed ?
john c. frmont		courtmartial and resignation		what did he get courtmartialed ?		fremont was convicted of mutiny , disobedience of a superior officer and military misconduct		did he resign after this ?		did john c. frmont resign after been courtmartialed ?
john c. frmont		courtmartial and resignation		what did he get courtmartialed ?		fremont was convicted of mutiny , disobedience of a superior officer and military misconduct		did he resign after this ?		i do n't know .		why did he end up resigning ?		why did frmont end up resigning ?
john c. frmont		courtmartial and resignation		what did he get courtmartialed ?		fremont was convicted of mutiny , disobedience of a superior officer and military misconduct		did he resign after this ?		i do n't know .		why did he end up resigning ?		polk felt that fremont was guilty of disobeying orders and misconduct , but he did not believe fremont was guilty of mutiny .		what did he do after he left the military ?		what did frmont do after he left the military ?
ursula k. le guin		sociology , anthropology and psychology		what was her outlook on sociology ?		what was le guin 's outlook on sociology ?
ursula k. le guin		sociology , anthropology and psychology		what was her outlook on sociology ?		being so thoroughly informed by social science perspectives on identity and society , le guin treats race and gender quite deliberately .		what kind of things did she write about ?		what kind of things did le guin write about ?
ursula k. le guin		sociology , anthropology and psychology		what was her outlook on sociology ?		being so thoroughly informed by social science perspectives on identity and society , le guin treats race and gender quite deliberately .		what kind of things did she write about ?		writing notably employs the ordinary actions and transactions of everyday life , clarifying how these daily activities embed individuals in a context of		what was her view of the individuals context ?		what was le guin 's view of the individuals context ?
ursula k. le guin		sociology , anthropology and psychology		what was her outlook on sociology ?		being so thoroughly informed by social science perspectives on identity and society , le guin treats race and gender quite deliberately .		what kind of things did she write about ?		writing notably employs the ordinary actions and transactions of everyday life , clarifying how these daily activities embed individuals in a context of		what was her view of the individuals context ?		individuals in a context of relation to the physical world and to one another . for example , the		what is the name of some things she wrote ?		what is the name of some articles le guin wrote ?
ursula k. le guin		sociology , anthropology and psychology		what was her outlook on sociology ?		being so thoroughly informed by social science perspectives on identity and society , le guin treats race and gender quite deliberately .		what kind of things did she write about ?		writing notably employs the ordinary actions and transactions of everyday life , clarifying how these daily activities embed individuals in a context of		what was her view of the individuals context ?		individuals in a context of relation to the physical world and to one another . for example , the		what is the name of some things she wrote ?		hainish cycle ,		what year did she release this article ?		what year did le guin release hainish cycle ?
ursula k. le guin		sociology , anthropology and psychology		what was her outlook on sociology ?		being so thoroughly informed by social science perspectives on identity and society , le guin treats race and gender quite deliberately .		what kind of things did she write about ?		writing notably employs the ordinary actions and transactions of everyday life , clarifying how these daily activities embed individuals in a context of		what was her view of the individuals context ?		individuals in a context of relation to the physical world and to one another . for example , the		what is the name of some things she wrote ?		hainish cycle ,		what year did she release this article ?		i do n't know .		what was her outlook on anthropology and psychology ?		what was le guin 's outlook on anthropology and psychology ?
ursula k. le guin		sociology , anthropology and psychology		what was her outlook on sociology ?		being so thoroughly informed by social science perspectives on identity and society , le guin treats race and gender quite deliberately .		what kind of things did she write about ?		writing notably employs the ordinary actions and transactions of everyday life , clarifying how these daily activities embed individuals in a context of		what was her view of the individuals context ?		individuals in a context of relation to the physical world and to one another . for example , the		what is the name of some things she wrote ?		hainish cycle ,		what year did she release this article ?		i do n't know .		what was her outlook on anthropology and psychology ?		le guin treats race and gender quite deliberately . the majority of her main characters are people of color , a choice made to reflect the non - white majority of humans ,		what was some of her other outlooks ?		what was some of le guin 's other outlooks in addition to race ?
ursula k. le guin		sociology , anthropology and psychology		what was her outlook on sociology ?		being so thoroughly informed by social science perspectives on identity and society , le guin treats race and gender quite deliberately .		what kind of things did she write about ?		writing notably employs the ordinary actions and transactions of everyday life , clarifying how these daily activities embed individuals in a context of		what was her view of the individuals context ?		individuals in a context of relation to the physical world and to one another . for example , the		what is the name of some things she wrote ?		hainish cycle ,		what year did she release this article ?		i do n't know .		what was her outlook on anthropology and psychology ?		le guin treats race and gender quite deliberately . the majority of her main characters are people of color , a choice made to reflect the non - white majority of humans ,		what was some of her other outlooks ?		her writing often makes use of alien ( i.e. , human but non - terran ) cultures to examine structural characteristics of human culture and society		did she have specific outlooks regarding genders ?		did le guin have specific outlooks regarding genders ?
status quo ( band )		1962 - 1968 : formative years		who was the lead singer during their formative years ?		who was the lead singer of status quo during their formative years ?
status quo ( band )		1962 - 1968 : formative years		who was the lead singer during their formative years ?		i do n't know .		who were the founding members ?		who were the founding members of status quo ?
status quo ( band )		1962 - 1968 : formative years		who was the lead singer during their formative years ?		i do n't know .		who were the founding members ?		status quo was formed in 1962 under the name " the scorpions " by francis rossi and alan lancaster at sedgehill comprehensive school ,		were the scorpions successful ?		were the scorpions successful ?
status quo ( band )		1962 - 1968 : formative years		who was the lead singer during their formative years ?		i do n't know .		who were the founding members ?		status quo was formed in 1962 under the name " the scorpions " by francis rossi and alan lancaster at sedgehill comprehensive school ,		were the scorpions successful ?		in 1963 , key was replaced by john coghlan and the band changed name to " the spectres " .		were the spectres successful ?		were the spectres successful ?
status quo ( band )		1962 - 1968 : formative years		who was the lead singer during their formative years ?		i do n't know .		who were the founding members ?		status quo was formed in 1962 under the name " the scorpions " by francis rossi and alan lancaster at sedgehill comprehensive school ,		were the scorpions successful ?		in 1963 , key was replaced by john coghlan and the band changed name to " the spectres " .		were the spectres successful ?		on 18 july 1966 , the spectres signed a five - year deal with piccadilly records , releasing two singles that year ,		did they stay with piccadilly long ?		did the spectres stay with piccadilly records long ?
status quo ( band )		1962 - 1968 : formative years		who was the lead singer during their formative years ?		i do n't know .		who were the founding members ?		status quo was formed in 1962 under the name " the scorpions " by francis rossi and alan lancaster at sedgehill comprehensive school ,		were the scorpions successful ?		in 1963 , key was replaced by john coghlan and the band changed name to " the spectres " .		were the spectres successful ?		on 18 july 1966 , the spectres signed a five - year deal with piccadilly records , releasing two singles that year ,		did they stay with piccadilly long ?		i do n't know .		where did they go after piccadilly ?		where did the spectres go after piccadilly records ?
status quo ( band )		1962 - 1968 : formative years		who was the lead singer during their formative years ?		i do n't know .		who were the founding members ?		status quo was formed in 1962 under the name " the scorpions " by francis rossi and alan lancaster at sedgehill comprehensive school ,		were the scorpions successful ?		in 1963 , key was replaced by john coghlan and the band changed name to " the spectres " .		were the spectres successful ?		on 18 july 1966 , the spectres signed a five - year deal with piccadilly records , releasing two singles that year ,		did they stay with piccadilly long ?		i do n't know .		where did they go after piccadilly ?		i do n't know .		what famous songs did they release ?		what famous songs did the spectres release ?
kasabian		west ryder pauper lunatic asylum ( 2008 - 10 )		what was kasabian doing in 2008 ?		what was kasabian doing in 2008 ?
kasabian		west ryder pauper lunatic asylum ( 2008 - 10 )		what was kasabian doing in 2008 ?		work on their third album in late 2007 with producer dan the automator . on 5 march 2009 , it was revealed that the album title		what are some of the songs on the album ?		what are some of the songs on kasabian 's third album ?
kasabian		west ryder pauper lunatic asylum ( 2008 - 10 )		what was kasabian doing in 2008 ?		work on their third album in late 2007 with producer dan the automator . on 5 march 2009 , it was revealed that the album title		what are some of the songs on the album ?		the song " vlad the impaler " was released as a free download for a period of 4 days , as a preview for the album .		did they find success in that ?		did kasabian find success in free download preview ?
kasabian		west ryder pauper lunatic asylum ( 2008 - 10 )		what was kasabian doing in 2008 ?		work on their third album in late 2007 with producer dan the automator . on 5 march 2009 , it was revealed that the album title		what are some of the songs on the album ?		the song " vlad the impaler " was released as a free download for a period of 4 days , as a preview for the album .		did they find success in that ?		promo video for " vlad the impaler " stars noel fielding of the mighty boosh . fielding is a fan of kasabian , and appeared in an nme cover with the band .		did they go on tour ?		did kasabian go on tour ?
kasabian		west ryder pauper lunatic asylum ( 2008 - 10 )		what was kasabian doing in 2008 ?		work on their third album in late 2007 with producer dan the automator . on 5 march 2009 , it was revealed that the album title		what are some of the songs on the album ?		the song " vlad the impaler " was released as a free download for a period of 4 days , as a preview for the album .		did they find success in that ?		promo video for " vlad the impaler " stars noel fielding of the mighty boosh . fielding is a fan of kasabian , and appeared in an nme cover with the band .		did they go on tour ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than kasbian 's third album release , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
kasabian		west ryder pauper lunatic asylum ( 2008 - 10 )		what was kasabian doing in 2008 ?		work on their third album in late 2007 with producer dan the automator . on 5 march 2009 , it was revealed that the album title		what are some of the songs on the album ?		the song " vlad the impaler " was released as a free download for a period of 4 days , as a preview for the album .		did they find success in that ?		promo video for " vlad the impaler " stars noel fielding of the mighty boosh . fielding is a fan of kasabian , and appeared in an nme cover with the band .		did they go on tour ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		west ryder pauper lunatic asylum reached no . 1 in the uk albums chart , spending two weeks there .		did they preform anywhere ?		did kasbian preform anywhere ?
kasabian		west ryder pauper lunatic asylum ( 2008 - 10 )		what was kasabian doing in 2008 ?		work on their third album in late 2007 with producer dan the automator . on 5 march 2009 , it was revealed that the album title		what are some of the songs on the album ?		the song " vlad the impaler " was released as a free download for a period of 4 days , as a preview for the album .		did they find success in that ?		promo video for " vlad the impaler " stars noel fielding of the mighty boosh . fielding is a fan of kasabian , and appeared in an nme cover with the band .		did they go on tour ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		west ryder pauper lunatic asylum reached no . 1 in the uk albums chart , spending two weeks there .		did they preform anywhere ?		i do n't know .		did they have any media attention ?		did kasabian have any media attention ?
kasabian		west ryder pauper lunatic asylum ( 2008 - 10 )		what was kasabian doing in 2008 ?		work on their third album in late 2007 with producer dan the automator . on 5 march 2009 , it was revealed that the album title		what are some of the songs on the album ?		the song " vlad the impaler " was released as a free download for a period of 4 days , as a preview for the album .		did they find success in that ?		promo video for " vlad the impaler " stars noel fielding of the mighty boosh . fielding is a fan of kasabian , and appeared in an nme cover with the band .		did they go on tour ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		west ryder pauper lunatic asylum reached no . 1 in the uk albums chart , spending two weeks there .		did they preform anywhere ?		i do n't know .		did they have any media attention ?		west ryder pauper lunatic asylum was shortlisted for the 2009 mercury prize , and was named ' best album ' at the 2009 q awards .		what else did you like about this article ?		in addition to west ryder pauper lunatic asylum , what else did you like about this article ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		white house restoration		what was the white house restoration ?		what was the white house restoration ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		white house restoration		what was the white house restoration ?		her first major project as first lady to restore its historical character .		what did she do to do this ?		what did the first lady do to do the white house restoration ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		white house restoration		what was the white house restoration ?		her first major project as first lady to restore its historical character .		what did she do to do this ?		on her first day in residence , she began her efforts with the help of interior decorator sister parish .		what did she need help with ?		what did the first lady need help with to restore the white house ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		white house restoration		what was the white house restoration ?		her first major project as first lady to restore its historical character .		what did she do to do this ?		on her first day in residence , she began her efforts with the help of interior decorator sister parish .		what did she need help with ?		she decided to make the family quarters attractive and suitable for family life by adding a kitchen on the family floor and new rooms for her children .		what did she go on to do after this ?		what did the first lady go on to do after adding a kitchen on the family floor and new rooms for her children in the white house ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		white house restoration		what was the white house restoration ?		her first major project as first lady to restore its historical character .		what did she do to do this ?		on her first day in residence , she began her efforts with the help of interior decorator sister parish .		what did she need help with ?		she decided to make the family quarters attractive and suitable for family life by adding a kitchen on the family floor and new rooms for her children .		what did she go on to do after this ?		continuing the project , she established a fine arts committee to oversee and fund the restoration process		what is the most important fact in this article ?		what is the most important fact in this article about the restoration of the white house ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		white house restoration		what was the white house restoration ?		her first major project as first lady to restore its historical character .		what did she do to do this ?		on her first day in residence , she began her efforts with the help of interior decorator sister parish .		what did she need help with ?		she decided to make the family quarters attractive and suitable for family life by adding a kitchen on the family floor and new rooms for her children .		what did she go on to do after this ?		continuing the project , she established a fine arts committee to oversee and fund the restoration process		what is the most important fact in this article ?		on february 14 , 1962 , jacqueline took american television viewers on a tour of the white house with charles collingwood of cbs news .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the american television visiting the white house , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		white house restoration		what was the white house restoration ?		her first major project as first lady to restore its historical character .		what did she do to do this ?		on her first day in residence , she began her efforts with the help of interior decorator sister parish .		what did she need help with ?		she decided to make the family quarters attractive and suitable for family life by adding a kitchen on the family floor and new rooms for her children .		what did she go on to do after this ?		continuing the project , she established a fine arts committee to oversee and fund the restoration process		what is the most important fact in this article ?		on february 14 , 1962 , jacqueline took american television viewers on a tour of the white house with charles collingwood of cbs news .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		prior to kennedy 's years as first lady , furnishings and other items had been taken from the white house by presidents and their families when they departed ;		such as what ?		what furnishing and other items had been taken from the white house by presidents and their families before kennedy ?
rush ( band )		sales		have their albums sold well ?		have rush 's albums sold well ?
rush ( band )		sales		have their albums sold well ?		rush has released 24 gold records and 14 platinum records ( including 3 multi - platinum ) , placing them third behind the beatles and the rolling stones		3rd in what ?		what did rush place 3rd in ?
rush ( band )		sales		have their albums sold well ?		rush has released 24 gold records and 14 platinum records ( including 3 multi - platinum ) , placing them third behind the beatles and the rolling stones		3rd in what ?		behind the beatles and the rolling stones for the most consecutive gold or platinum studio albums by a rock band .		did they have any albums that did well ?		did rush have any albums that did well ?
rush ( band )		sales		have their albums sold well ?		rush has released 24 gold records and 14 platinum records ( including 3 multi - platinum ) , placing them third behind the beatles and the rolling stones		3rd in what ?		behind the beatles and the rolling stones for the most consecutive gold or platinum studio albums by a rock band .		did they have any albums that did well ?		test for echo ( which peaked at no . 5 on the billboard 200 chart		any others ?		besides test for echo , any other albums that did well ?
northern dancer		inbreeding		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any interesting aspects about northern dancer ?
northern dancer		inbreeding		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		outcross bloodlines can still be found ,		how did imbreedng hurt the horses ?		how did inbreeding hurt the northern dancer horses ?
northern dancer		inbreeding		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		outcross bloodlines can still be found ,		how did imbreedng hurt the horses ?		statistical analysis has shown that inbreeding to northern dancer is on average slightly less effective		were they breeding him with his chrildren ?		was northern dancer bred with his chrildren ?
northern dancer		inbreeding		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		outcross bloodlines can still be found ,		how did imbreedng hurt the horses ?		statistical analysis has shown that inbreeding to northern dancer is on average slightly less effective		were they breeding him with his chrildren ?		his grandson danehill sired 2,499 foals in 14 years at stud .		was there any issues with the breeding ?		were there any issues with the breeding of northern dancer ?
northern dancer		inbreeding		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		outcross bloodlines can still be found ,		how did imbreedng hurt the horses ?		statistical analysis has shown that inbreeding to northern dancer is on average slightly less effective		were they breeding him with his chrildren ?		his grandson danehill sired 2,499 foals in 14 years at stud .		was there any issues with the breeding ?		inbreeding to a descendant such as danzig is viewed as potentially problematic		when did he retire from breeding ?		when did northern dancer retire from breeding ?
northern dancer		inbreeding		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		outcross bloodlines can still be found ,		how did imbreedng hurt the horses ?		statistical analysis has shown that inbreeding to northern dancer is on average slightly less effective		were they breeding him with his chrildren ?		his grandson danehill sired 2,499 foals in 14 years at stud .		was there any issues with the breeding ?		inbreeding to a descendant such as danzig is viewed as potentially problematic		when did he retire from breeding ?		i do n't know .		how often was he bred ?		how often was northern dancer bred ?
babrak karmal		civil war and military		what is some important information to know about the civil war and military ?		what is some important information to know about the civil war and military ?
babrak karmal		civil war and military		what is some important information to know about the civil war and military ?		in march 1979 , the military budget was 6.4 million us$ , which was 8.3 percent of the government budget , but only 2.2 of gross national product .		what else is important to know about this ?		besides the military budget , what other information is important to know about the civil war and military ? ?
babrak karmal		civil war and military		what is some important information to know about the civil war and military ?		in march 1979 , the military budget was 6.4 million us$ , which was 8.3 percent of the government budget , but only 2.2 of gross national product .		what else is important to know about this ?		after the soviet intervention , the defence budget increased to 208 million us$ in 1980 , and 325 million us$ by 1981 .		was any controversy involved ?		was any controversy involved in the increment of the defence budget ?
babrak karmal		civil war and military		what is some important information to know about the civil war and military ?		in march 1979 , the military budget was 6.4 million us$ , which was 8.3 percent of the government budget , but only 2.2 of gross national product .		what else is important to know about this ?		after the soviet intervention , the defence budget increased to 208 million us$ in 1980 , and 325 million us$ by 1981 .		was any controversy involved ?		in 1982 it was reported that the government spent around 22 percent of total expenditure .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from the military budget and government spending , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
babrak karmal		civil war and military		what is some important information to know about the civil war and military ?		in march 1979 , the military budget was 6.4 million us$ , which was 8.3 percent of the government budget , but only 2.2 of gross national product .		what else is important to know about this ?		after the soviet intervention , the defence budget increased to 208 million us$ in 1980 , and 325 million us$ by 1981 .		was any controversy involved ?		in 1982 it was reported that the government spent around 22 percent of total expenditure .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		when the political solution failed ( see " pdpa base " section ) , the afghan government and the soviet military decided to solve the conflict militarily .		how did they go about solving the conflict ?		how did the afghan government and the soviet military go about solving the conflict ?
stephen colbert		the colbert report		what was the colbert report about ?		what was the colbert report series about ?
stephen colbert		the colbert report		what was the colbert report about ?		colbert has likened this to the character he played on the daily show and later the colbert report ,		what did the colbert report contain ?		what did the colbert report series contain ?
stephen colbert		the colbert report		what was the colbert report about ?		colbert has likened this to the character he played on the daily show and later the colbert report ,		what did the colbert report contain ?		another running joke throughout the series was that noblet , a closeted homosexual ,		what influence did his report have ?		what influence did the colbert report have ?
stephen colbert		the colbert report		what was the colbert report about ?		colbert has likened this to the character he played on the daily show and later the colbert report ,		what did the colbert report contain ?		another running joke throughout the series was that noblet , a closeted homosexual ,		what influence did his report have ?		the series opened to strong ratings , averaging 1.2 million viewers nightly during its first week on the air .		what is the interesting aspect of this report ?		what is the interesting aspect of the colbert report ?
stephen colbert		the colbert report		what was the colbert report about ?		colbert has likened this to the character he played on the daily show and later the colbert report ,		what did the colbert report contain ?		another running joke throughout the series was that noblet , a closeted homosexual ,		what influence did his report have ?		the series opened to strong ratings , averaging 1.2 million viewers nightly during its first week on the air .		what is the interesting aspect of this report ?		following the cancelation of exit 57 , colbert worked for six months as a cast member and writer on the dana carvey show ,		was he successful in this role ?		was stephen colbert successful on the colbert report ?
stephen colbert		the colbert report		what was the colbert report about ?		colbert has likened this to the character he played on the daily show and later the colbert report ,		what did the colbert report contain ?		another running joke throughout the series was that noblet , a closeted homosexual ,		what influence did his report have ?		the series opened to strong ratings , averaging 1.2 million viewers nightly during its first week on the air .		what is the interesting aspect of this report ?		following the cancelation of exit 57 , colbert worked for six months as a cast member and writer on the dana carvey show ,		was he successful in this role ?		" , had sponsors pull out after its first episode aired and was cancelled after seven episodes .		what did he do after this ?		what did stephen colbert do after the colbert report was cancelled ?
stephen colbert		the colbert report		what was the colbert report about ?		colbert has likened this to the character he played on the daily show and later the colbert report ,		what did the colbert report contain ?		another running joke throughout the series was that noblet , a closeted homosexual ,		what influence did his report have ?		the series opened to strong ratings , averaging 1.2 million viewers nightly during its first week on the air .		what is the interesting aspect of this report ?		following the cancelation of exit 57 , colbert worked for six months as a cast member and writer on the dana carvey show ,		was he successful in this role ?		" , had sponsors pull out after its first episode aired and was cancelled after seven episodes .		what did he do after this ?		seven episodes . colbert then worked briefly as a freelance writer for saturday night live with robert smigel .		how was he received at snl ?		how was stephen colbert received at saturday night live ?
stephen colbert		the colbert report		what was the colbert report about ?		colbert has likened this to the character he played on the daily show and later the colbert report ,		what did the colbert report contain ?		another running joke throughout the series was that noblet , a closeted homosexual ,		what influence did his report have ?		the series opened to strong ratings , averaging 1.2 million viewers nightly during its first week on the air .		what is the interesting aspect of this report ?		following the cancelation of exit 57 , colbert worked for six months as a cast member and writer on the dana carvey show ,		was he successful in this role ?		" , had sponsors pull out after its first episode aired and was cancelled after seven episodes .		what did he do after this ?		seven episodes . colbert then worked briefly as a freelance writer for saturday night live with robert smigel .		how was he received at snl ?		i do n't know .		what followed his brief work at saturday night live ?		what followed stephen colbert 's brief work at saturday night live ?
bertrand russell		early career		what lead up to his early carrer ?		what lead up to bertrand russell early career ?
bertrand russell		early career		what lead up to his early carrer ?		when russell was eleven years old , his brother frank introduced him to the work of euclid , which transformed his life .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from the work of euclid , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
bertrand russell		early career		what lead up to his early carrer ?		when russell was eleven years old , his brother frank introduced him to the work of euclid , which transformed his life .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		frank and bertrand were placed in the care of their staunchly victorian paternal grandparents , who lived at pembroke lodge in richmond park .		why were they placed there ?		why were frank and bertrand placed at their paternal grandparents ?
bertrand russell		early career		what lead up to his early carrer ?		when russell was eleven years old , his brother frank introduced him to the work of euclid , which transformed his life .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		frank and bertrand were placed in the care of their staunchly victorian paternal grandparents , who lived at pembroke lodge in richmond park .		why were they placed there ?		in june 1874 russell 's mother died of diphtheria , followed shortly by rachel 's death .		where was his father ?		where was bertrand 's father ?
bertrand russell		early career		what lead up to his early carrer ?		when russell was eleven years old , his brother frank introduced him to the work of euclid , which transformed his life .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		frank and bertrand were placed in the care of their staunchly victorian paternal grandparents , who lived at pembroke lodge in richmond park .		why were they placed there ?		in june 1874 russell 's mother died of diphtheria , followed shortly by rachel 's death .		where was his father ?		in january 1876 , his father died of bronchitis following a long period of depression .		what happened after her moved into his grandparents ?		what happened after russell moved into his paternal grandparents ?
bertrand russell		early career		what lead up to his early carrer ?		when russell was eleven years old , his brother frank introduced him to the work of euclid , which transformed his life .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		frank and bertrand were placed in the care of their staunchly victorian paternal grandparents , who lived at pembroke lodge in richmond park .		why were they placed there ?		in june 1874 russell 's mother died of diphtheria , followed shortly by rachel 's death .		where was his father ?		in january 1876 , his father died of bronchitis following a long period of depression .		what happened after her moved into his grandparents ?		russell 's adolescence was very lonely , and he often contemplated suicide .		when did things turn around ?		when did things turn around for bertrand ?
bertrand russell		early career		what lead up to his early carrer ?		when russell was eleven years old , his brother frank introduced him to the work of euclid , which transformed his life .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		frank and bertrand were placed in the care of their staunchly victorian paternal grandparents , who lived at pembroke lodge in richmond park .		why were they placed there ?		in june 1874 russell 's mother died of diphtheria , followed shortly by rachel 's death .		where was his father ?		in january 1876 , his father died of bronchitis following a long period of depression .		what happened after her moved into his grandparents ?		russell 's adolescence was very lonely , and he often contemplated suicide .		when did things turn around ?		russell won a scholarship to read for the mathematical tripos at trinity college , cambridge , and commenced his studies there in 1890 ,		did he attend ?		did bertrand attend trinity college , cambridge ?
bertrand russell		early career		what lead up to his early carrer ?		when russell was eleven years old , his brother frank introduced him to the work of euclid , which transformed his life .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		frank and bertrand were placed in the care of their staunchly victorian paternal grandparents , who lived at pembroke lodge in richmond park .		why were they placed there ?		in june 1874 russell 's mother died of diphtheria , followed shortly by rachel 's death .		where was his father ?		in january 1876 , his father died of bronchitis following a long period of depression .		what happened after her moved into his grandparents ?		russell 's adolescence was very lonely , and he often contemplated suicide .		when did things turn around ?		russell won a scholarship to read for the mathematical tripos at trinity college , cambridge , and commenced his studies there in 1890 ,		did he attend ?		he quickly distinguished himself in mathematics and philosophy , graduating as seventh wrangler in the former in 1893 and becoming a fellow in the latter in 1895 .		did he graduate ?		did bertrand graduate in trinity college , cambridge ?
harry chapin		biography		when was he born		when was chapin born ?
harry chapin		biography		when was he born		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than chapin , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
harry chapin		biography		when was he born		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		chapin was born in new york city , the second of four children , who also included future musicians tom and steve .		who was his parents		who was chapin parents ?
harry chapin		biography		when was he born		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		chapin was born in new york city , the second of four children , who also included future musicians tom and steve .		who was his parents		his parents were jeanne elspeth ( nee burke ) and jim chapin , a legendary percussionist .		how old was he		how old was chapin ?
harry chapin		biography		when was he born		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		chapin was born in new york city , the second of four children , who also included future musicians tom and steve .		who was his parents		his parents were jeanne elspeth ( nee burke ) and jim chapin , a legendary percussionist .		how old was he		i do n't know .		what else do you know about him		in addition to chapin 's brothers , what else do you know about chapin ?
harry chapin		biography		when was he born		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		chapin was born in new york city , the second of four children , who also included future musicians tom and steve .		who was his parents		his parents were jeanne elspeth ( nee burke ) and jim chapin , a legendary percussionist .		how old was he		i do n't know .		what else do you know about him		his parents divorced in 1950 , with his mother retaining custody of their four sons ,		what was his brothers name		what was chapin 's brothers name ?
harry chapin		biography		when was he born		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		chapin was born in new york city , the second of four children , who also included future musicians tom and steve .		who was his parents		his parents were jeanne elspeth ( nee burke ) and jim chapin , a legendary percussionist .		how old was he		i do n't know .		what else do you know about him		his parents divorced in 1950 , with his mother retaining custody of their four sons ,		what was his brothers name		harry 's younger brothers tom and steve were choirboys at grace episcopal church in brooklyn heights ,		what about his other brother		in addtion to tom , what about cahpin 's other brother ?
ned kelly		aftermath		what was the aftermath ?		what was ned kelly 's aftermath ?
ned kelly		aftermath		what was the aftermath ?		kelly 's first documented brush with the law was on 15 october 1869 at the age of 14		what happened during that interaction ?		what happened during the interaction between ned kelly and the law ?
ned kelly		aftermath		what was the aftermath ?		kelly 's first documented brush with the law was on 15 october 1869 at the age of 14		what happened during that interaction ?		he was charged with the assault and robbery of ah fook , a pig and fowl trader of chinese descent from bright .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to the incident , what were the details of the assault and robbery ?
ned kelly		aftermath		what was the aftermath ?		kelly 's first documented brush with the law was on 15 october 1869 at the age of 14		what happened during that interaction ?		he was charged with the assault and robbery of ah fook , a pig and fowl trader of chinese descent from bright .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		kelly approached him with a long bamboo stick , announcing that he was a bushranger and would kill him if he did not hand over his money .		what happened after he was approached ?		after approaching the victim , what did ned kelly do next ?
ned kelly		aftermath		what was the aftermath ?		kelly 's first documented brush with the law was on 15 october 1869 at the age of 14		what happened during that interaction ?		he was charged with the assault and robbery of ah fook , a pig and fowl trader of chinese descent from bright .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		kelly approached him with a long bamboo stick , announcing that he was a bushranger and would kill him if he did not hand over his money .		what happened after he was approached ?		kelly then allegedly took him into the bush , beat him with the stick and stole 10 shillings .		did he ever get in trouble with the law again ?		did ned kelly ever get in trouble with the law again ?
leonard cohen		post - monastery records		what did he do after he left the monastery ?		what did leonard cohen do after he left the monastery ?
leonard cohen		post - monastery records		what did he do after he left the monastery ?		after two years of production , cohen returned to music in 2001 with the release of ten new songs ,		was he always involved in music ?		was leonard cohen always involved in music ?
leonard cohen		post - monastery records		what did he do after he left the monastery ?		after two years of production , cohen returned to music in 2001 with the release of ten new songs ,		was he always involved in music ?		i do n't know .		did he have a favorite hobby ?		did leonard cohen have a favorite hobby ?
leonard cohen		post - monastery records		what did he do after he left the monastery ?		after two years of production , cohen returned to music in 2001 with the release of ten new songs ,		was he always involved in music ?		i do n't know .		did he have a favorite hobby ?		i do n't know .		did he always stay faithful to his religious upbringing ?		did leonard cohen always stay faithful to his religious upbringing ?
leonard cohen		post - monastery records		what did he do after he left the monastery ?		after two years of production , cohen returned to music in 2001 with the release of ten new songs ,		was he always involved in music ?		i do n't know .		did he have a favorite hobby ?		i do n't know .		did he always stay faithful to his religious upbringing ?		his depression had lifted in recent years , which he attributed to zen buddhism .		did he struggle with depression a lot ?		did leonard cohen struggle with depression a lot ?
raven - symon		1985 - 1993 : early life , the cosby show and here 's to new dreams		when did she begin on the cosby show ?		when did raven - symon begin on the cosby show ?
raven - symon		1985 - 1993 : early life , the cosby show and here 's to new dreams		when did she begin on the cosby show ?		age of three , she was considered too young for the role , but cosby liked her so much that he found a role for her on his show , the cosby show ,		what role did she play ?		what role did raven - symon play on the cosby show ?
raven - symon		1985 - 1993 : early life , the cosby show and here 's to new dreams		when did she begin on the cosby show ?		age of three , she was considered too young for the role , but cosby liked her so much that he found a role for her on his show , the cosby show ,		what role did she play ?		his step - granddaughter olivia .		when did she leave the show ?		when did raven - symon leave the cosby show ?
raven - symon		1985 - 1993 : early life , the cosby show and here 's to new dreams		when did she begin on the cosby show ?		age of three , she was considered too young for the role , but cosby liked her so much that he found a role for her on his show , the cosby show ,		what role did she play ?		his step - granddaughter olivia .		when did she leave the show ?		remained until the series finale in 1992 .		where did she grow up ?		where did raven - symon grow up ?
raven - symon		1985 - 1993 : early life , the cosby show and here 's to new dreams		when did she begin on the cosby show ?		age of three , she was considered too young for the role , but cosby liked her so much that he found a role for her on his show , the cosby show ,		what role did she play ?		his step - granddaughter olivia .		when did she leave the show ?		remained until the series finale in 1992 .		where did she grow up ?		at age three , her family moved to ossining , new york where she attended park school .		who were her parents ?		who were raven - symon 's parents ?
raven - symon		1985 - 1993 : early life , the cosby show and here 's to new dreams		when did she begin on the cosby show ?		age of three , she was considered too young for the role , but cosby liked her so much that he found a role for her on his show , the cosby show ,		what role did she play ?		his step - granddaughter olivia .		when did she leave the show ?		remained until the series finale in 1992 .		where did she grow up ?		at age three , her family moved to ossining , new york where she attended park school .		who were her parents ?		lydia ( gaulden ) and christopher pearman .		what were her parents occupations ?		what were raven - symon 's parents occupations ?
raven - symon		1985 - 1993 : early life , the cosby show and here 's to new dreams		when did she begin on the cosby show ?		age of three , she was considered too young for the role , but cosby liked her so much that he found a role for her on his show , the cosby show ,		what role did she play ?		his step - granddaughter olivia .		when did she leave the show ?		remained until the series finale in 1992 .		where did she grow up ?		at age three , her family moved to ossining , new york where she attended park school .		who were her parents ?		lydia ( gaulden ) and christopher pearman .		what were her parents occupations ?		i do n't know .		did she have any siblings ?		did raven - symon have any siblings ?
raven - symon		1985 - 1993 : early life , the cosby show and here 's to new dreams		when did she begin on the cosby show ?		age of three , she was considered too young for the role , but cosby liked her so much that he found a role for her on his show , the cosby show ,		what role did she play ?		his step - granddaughter olivia .		when did she leave the show ?		remained until the series finale in 1992 .		where did she grow up ?		at age three , her family moved to ossining , new york where she attended park school .		who were her parents ?		lydia ( gaulden ) and christopher pearman .		what were her parents occupations ?		i do n't know .		did she have any siblings ?		she has a brother , blaize .		who did she star with on the cosby show ?		who did raven - symon star with on the cosby show ?
raven - symon		1985 - 1993 : early life , the cosby show and here 's to new dreams		when did she begin on the cosby show ?		age of three , she was considered too young for the role , but cosby liked her so much that he found a role for her on his show , the cosby show ,		what role did she play ?		his step - granddaughter olivia .		when did she leave the show ?		remained until the series finale in 1992 .		where did she grow up ?		at age three , her family moved to ossining , new york where she attended park school .		who were her parents ?		lydia ( gaulden ) and christopher pearman .		what were her parents occupations ?		i do n't know .		did she have any siblings ?		she has a brother , blaize .		who did she star with on the cosby show ?		bill cosby		what is here 's to new dreams ?		what is here 's to new dreams ?
raven - symon		1985 - 1993 : early life , the cosby show and here 's to new dreams		when did she begin on the cosby show ?		age of three , she was considered too young for the role , but cosby liked her so much that he found a role for her on his show , the cosby show ,		what role did she play ?		his step - granddaughter olivia .		when did she leave the show ?		remained until the series finale in 1992 .		where did she grow up ?		at age three , her family moved to ossining , new york where she attended park school .		who were her parents ?		lydia ( gaulden ) and christopher pearman .		what were her parents occupations ?		i do n't know .		did she have any siblings ?		she has a brother , blaize .		who did she star with on the cosby show ?		bill cosby		what is here 's to new dreams ?		her debut album , here 's to new dreams , was released on june 22 , 1993 ,		what songs were on the album ?		what songs were on the here 's to new dreams album ?
raven - symon		1985 - 1993 : early life , the cosby show and here 's to new dreams		when did she begin on the cosby show ?		age of three , she was considered too young for the role , but cosby liked her so much that he found a role for her on his show , the cosby show ,		what role did she play ?		his step - granddaughter olivia .		when did she leave the show ?		remained until the series finale in 1992 .		where did she grow up ?		at age three , her family moved to ossining , new york where she attended park school .		who were her parents ?		lydia ( gaulden ) and christopher pearman .		what were her parents occupations ?		i do n't know .		did she have any siblings ?		she has a brother , blaize .		who did she star with on the cosby show ?		bill cosby		what is here 's to new dreams ?		her debut album , here 's to new dreams , was released on june 22 , 1993 ,		what songs were on the album ?		" that 's what little girls are made of " and " raven is the flavor " . "		was the album succesful ?		was the here 's to new dreams album successful ?
raven - symon		1994 - 2001 : film debut , hangin ' with mr. cooper and undeniable		what was raven - symone 's role in hangin with mr. cooper ?		what was raven - symone 's role in hangin with mr. cooper ?
raven - symon		1994 - 2001 : film debut , hangin ' with mr. cooper and undeniable		what was raven - symone 's role in hangin with mr. cooper ?		nicole lee		how did she get the role ?		how did raven - symon get the role of nicole lee in hangin with mr. cooper ?
raven - symon		1994 - 2001 : film debut , hangin ' with mr. cooper and undeniable		what was raven - symone 's role in hangin with mr. cooper ?		nicole lee		how did she get the role ?		she made her debut in the first episode of the show 's second season ,		how long was she on the show ?		how long was raven - symon on hangin with mr. cooper ?
raven - symon		1994 - 2001 : film debut , hangin ' with mr. cooper and undeniable		what was raven - symone 's role in hangin with mr. cooper ?		nicole lee		how did she get the role ?		she made her debut in the first episode of the show 's second season ,		how long was she on the show ?		remained until the series finale in 1997 .		what was her film debut ?		what was raven - symon 's film debut ?
raven - symon		1994 - 2001 : film debut , hangin ' with mr. cooper and undeniable		what was raven - symone 's role in hangin with mr. cooper ?		nicole lee		how did she get the role ?		she made her debut in the first episode of the show 's second season ,		how long was she on the show ?		remained until the series finale in 1997 .		what was her film debut ?		she had her first big screen role in the movie the little rascals ,		what character did she play ?		what character did raven - symon play in the little rascals ?
raven - symon		1994 - 2001 : film debut , hangin ' with mr. cooper and undeniable		what was raven - symone 's role in hangin with mr. cooper ?		nicole lee		how did she get the role ?		she made her debut in the first episode of the show 's second season ,		how long was she on the show ?		remained until the series finale in 1997 .		what was her film debut ?		she had her first big screen role in the movie the little rascals ,		what character did she play ?		playing stymie 's girlfriend .		who were some of her co - stars on the movie ?		who were some of raven - symon 's co - stars in the little rascals ?
raven - symon		1994 - 2001 : film debut , hangin ' with mr. cooper and undeniable		what was raven - symone 's role in hangin with mr. cooper ?		nicole lee		how did she get the role ?		she made her debut in the first episode of the show 's second season ,		how long was she on the show ?		remained until the series finale in 1997 .		what was her film debut ?		she had her first big screen role in the movie the little rascals ,		what character did she play ?		playing stymie 's girlfriend .		who were some of her co - stars on the movie ?		i do n't know .		what was her role in undeniable ?		what was raven - symon 's role in undeniable ?
raven - symon		1994 - 2001 : film debut , hangin ' with mr. cooper and undeniable		what was raven - symone 's role in hangin with mr. cooper ?		nicole lee		how did she get the role ?		she made her debut in the first episode of the show 's second season ,		how long was she on the show ?		remained until the series finale in 1997 .		what was her film debut ?		she had her first big screen role in the movie the little rascals ,		what character did she play ?		playing stymie 's girlfriend .		who were some of her co - stars on the movie ?		i do n't know .		what was her role in undeniable ?		she signed a distribution deal with crash records for her second album undeniable ,		what are some of the singles on the album ?		what are some of the singles on the undeniable album ?
raven - symon		1994 - 2001 : film debut , hangin ' with mr. cooper and undeniable		what was raven - symone 's role in hangin with mr. cooper ?		nicole lee		how did she get the role ?		she made her debut in the first episode of the show 's second season ,		how long was she on the show ?		remained until the series finale in 1997 .		what was her film debut ?		she had her first big screen role in the movie the little rascals ,		what character did she play ?		playing stymie 's girlfriend .		who were some of her co - stars on the movie ?		i do n't know .		what was her role in undeniable ?		she signed a distribution deal with crash records for her second album undeniable ,		what are some of the singles on the album ?		the album yielded one single : a cover of stevie wonder 's " with a child 's heart " .		was the album well - received ?		was the undeniable album well - received ?
raven - symon		1994 - 2001 : film debut , hangin ' with mr. cooper and undeniable		what was raven - symone 's role in hangin with mr. cooper ?		nicole lee		how did she get the role ?		she made her debut in the first episode of the show 's second season ,		how long was she on the show ?		remained until the series finale in 1997 .		what was her film debut ?		she had her first big screen role in the movie the little rascals ,		what character did she play ?		playing stymie 's girlfriend .		who were some of her co - stars on the movie ?		i do n't know .		what was her role in undeniable ?		she signed a distribution deal with crash records for her second album undeniable ,		what are some of the singles on the album ?		the album yielded one single : a cover of stevie wonder 's " with a child 's heart " .		was the album well - received ?		the album sold over 2,000 in us .		did it make the charts ?		did undeniable make the charts ?
raven - symon		1994 - 2001 : film debut , hangin ' with mr. cooper and undeniable		what was raven - symone 's role in hangin with mr. cooper ?		nicole lee		how did she get the role ?		she made her debut in the first episode of the show 's second season ,		how long was she on the show ?		remained until the series finale in 1997 .		what was her film debut ?		she had her first big screen role in the movie the little rascals ,		what character did she play ?		playing stymie 's girlfriend .		who were some of her co - stars on the movie ?		i do n't know .		what was her role in undeniable ?		she signed a distribution deal with crash records for her second album undeniable ,		what are some of the singles on the album ?		the album yielded one single : a cover of stevie wonder 's " with a child 's heart " .		was the album well - received ?		the album sold over 2,000 in us .		did it make the charts ?		i do n't know .		what do critics have to say about her acting in film and on hangin with mr. cooper ?		what do critics have to say about raven - symon 's acting in film and on hangin with mr. cooper ?
greg chappell		world series cricket ( 1977 - 1979 )		what position did greg chappell play during the world series in 1977 ?		what position did greg chappell play during the world series in 1977 ?
greg chappell		world series cricket ( 1977 - 1979 )		what position did greg chappell play during the world series in 1977 ?		allowed him to concentrate on his batting .		did his team win ?		did greg chappel 's team win in the world series in 1977 ?
greg chappell		world series cricket ( 1977 - 1979 )		what position did greg chappell play during the world series in 1977 ?		allowed him to concentrate on his batting .		did his team win ?		in official statistics as he scored five hundreds in 14 supertests and a total of 1415 runs at 56.6 average .		did he continue to play after that time frame ?		did greg chappell continue to play after 1977 ?
greg chappell		world series cricket ( 1977 - 1979 )		what position did greg chappell play during the world series in 1977 ?		allowed him to concentrate on his batting .		did his team win ?		in official statistics as he scored five hundreds in 14 supertests and a total of 1415 runs at 56.6 average .		did he continue to play after that time frame ?		chappell was diagnosed with bell 's palsy and one side of his face was paralysed . doctors and family advised him to miss the trip , but chappell was determine to go		did he win any awards playing ?		did greg chappell win any awards playing ?
greg chappell		world series cricket ( 1977 - 1979 )		what position did greg chappell play during the world series in 1977 ?		allowed him to concentrate on his batting .		did his team win ?		in official statistics as he scored five hundreds in 14 supertests and a total of 1415 runs at 56.6 average .		did he continue to play after that time frame ?		chappell was diagnosed with bell 's palsy and one side of his face was paralysed . doctors and family advised him to miss the trip , but chappell was determine to go		did he win any awards playing ?		i do n't know .		what was the name of one of the opposing teams he played against ?		what was the name of one of the opposing teams greg chappell played against ?
greg chappell		world series cricket ( 1977 - 1979 )		what position did greg chappell play during the world series in 1977 ?		allowed him to concentrate on his batting .		did his team win ?		in official statistics as he scored five hundreds in 14 supertests and a total of 1415 runs at 56.6 average .		did he continue to play after that time frame ?		chappell was diagnosed with bell 's palsy and one side of his face was paralysed . doctors and family advised him to miss the trip , but chappell was determine to go		did he win any awards playing ?		i do n't know .		what was the name of one of the opposing teams he played against ?		west indian		what years did his team win ?		what years did greg chappell 's team win ?
pancho gonzales		one of the greatest matches ever played		what was the greatest match ever ?		what was the greatest match ever ?
pancho gonzales		one of the greatest matches ever played		what was the greatest match ever ?		in 1969 , it was gonzales 's turn to prevail in the longest match ever played till that time ,		how long did it last ?		how long did the greatest match ever last ?
pancho gonzales		one of the greatest matches ever played		what was the greatest match ever ?		in 1969 , it was gonzales 's turn to prevail in the longest match ever played till that time ,		how long did it last ?		one so long and arduous that it resulted in the advent of tie break scoring .		who was his opponent ?		who was pancho gonzales ' opponent in the greatest match ever ?
pancho gonzales		one of the greatest matches ever played		what was the greatest match ever ?		in 1969 , it was gonzales 's turn to prevail in the longest match ever played till that time ,		how long did it last ?		one so long and arduous that it resulted in the advent of tie break scoring .		who was his opponent ?		as a 41-year - old at wimbledon , gonzales met charlie pasarell , a puerto rican younger than gonzales by 16 years who revered his opponent .		did it end in a tie then ?		did the greatest match ever end in a tie ?
pancho gonzales		one of the greatest matches ever played		what was the greatest match ever ?		in 1969 , it was gonzales 's turn to prevail in the longest match ever played till that time ,		how long did it last ?		one so long and arduous that it resulted in the advent of tie break scoring .		who was his opponent ?		as a 41-year - old at wimbledon , gonzales met charlie pasarell , a puerto rican younger than gonzales by 16 years who revered his opponent .		did it end in a tie then ?		pasarell won a titanic first set , 24 - 22 , then with daylight fading , the 41-year - old gonzales argued that the match should be suspended .		was it suspended ?		was the greatest match ever suspended ?
pancho gonzales		one of the greatest matches ever played		what was the greatest match ever ?		in 1969 , it was gonzales 's turn to prevail in the longest match ever played till that time ,		how long did it last ?		one so long and arduous that it resulted in the advent of tie break scoring .		who was his opponent ?		as a 41-year - old at wimbledon , gonzales met charlie pasarell , a puerto rican younger than gonzales by 16 years who revered his opponent .		did it end in a tie then ?		pasarell won a titanic first set , 24 - 22 , then with daylight fading , the 41-year - old gonzales argued that the match should be suspended .		was it suspended ?		the referee did n't relent , and thus the petulant gonzales virtually threw the second set , losing it 6 - 1 .		what happened in the third set ?		what happened in the third set of the greatest match ever ?
pancho gonzales		one of the greatest matches ever played		what was the greatest match ever ?		in 1969 , it was gonzales 's turn to prevail in the longest match ever played till that time ,		how long did it last ?		one so long and arduous that it resulted in the advent of tie break scoring .		who was his opponent ?		as a 41-year - old at wimbledon , gonzales met charlie pasarell , a puerto rican younger than gonzales by 16 years who revered his opponent .		did it end in a tie then ?		pasarell won a titanic first set , 24 - 22 , then with daylight fading , the 41-year - old gonzales argued that the match should be suspended .		was it suspended ?		the referee did n't relent , and thus the petulant gonzales virtually threw the second set , losing it 6 - 1 .		what happened in the third set ?		gonzales rebounded to win three straight sets , 16 - 14 , 6 - 3 , 11 - 9 .		did he end up winning the whole match ?		did pedro gonzales end up winning the greatest match ever ?
pancho gonzales		one of the greatest matches ever played		what was the greatest match ever ?		in 1969 , it was gonzales 's turn to prevail in the longest match ever played till that time ,		how long did it last ?		one so long and arduous that it resulted in the advent of tie break scoring .		who was his opponent ?		as a 41-year - old at wimbledon , gonzales met charlie pasarell , a puerto rican younger than gonzales by 16 years who revered his opponent .		did it end in a tie then ?		pasarell won a titanic first set , 24 - 22 , then with daylight fading , the 41-year - old gonzales argued that the match should be suspended .		was it suspended ?		the referee did n't relent , and thus the petulant gonzales virtually threw the second set , losing it 6 - 1 .		what happened in the third set ?		gonzales rebounded to win three straight sets , 16 - 14 , 6 - 3 , 11 - 9 .		did he end up winning the whole match ?		the fifth set , gonzales saved all seven match points that pasarell had against him , twice coming back from 0 - 40 deficits ,		did he ever make a statement ?		did pedro gonzalez ever make a statement about the greatest match ever ?
pancho gonzales		open tennis		when did he play open tennis		when did gonzales play open tennis
pancho gonzales		open tennis		when did he play open tennis		most of gonzales 's career as a professional took place before the start of the open era of tennis in april 1968 ,		what happened in that year		what happened in 1968
pancho gonzales		open tennis		when did he play open tennis		most of gonzales 's career as a professional took place before the start of the open era of tennis in april 1968 ,		what happened in that year		he was therefore ineligible to compete at the grand slam events between the end of 1949 ( when he turned pro ) and the start of the open era in april 1968 .		why was he ineligible to compete		why was gonzales ineligible to compete
pancho gonzales		open tennis		when did he play open tennis		most of gonzales 's career as a professional took place before the start of the open era of tennis in april 1968 ,		what happened in that year		he was therefore ineligible to compete at the grand slam events between the end of 1949 ( when he turned pro ) and the start of the open era in april 1968 .		why was he ineligible to compete		i do n't know .		what happened after that		what happened after ineligibility to compete
pancho gonzales		open tennis		when did he play open tennis		most of gonzales 's career as a professional took place before the start of the open era of tennis in april 1968 ,		what happened in that year		he was therefore ineligible to compete at the grand slam events between the end of 1949 ( when he turned pro ) and the start of the open era in april 1968 .		why was he ineligible to compete		i do n't know .		what happened after that		in may 1968 , he was the first professional to lose to an amateur ,		who did he lose to		who did gonzales lose to
pancho gonzales		open tennis		when did he play open tennis		most of gonzales 's career as a professional took place before the start of the open era of tennis in april 1968 ,		what happened in that year		he was therefore ineligible to compete at the grand slam events between the end of 1949 ( when he turned pro ) and the start of the open era in april 1968 .		why was he ineligible to compete		i do n't know .		what happened after that		in may 1968 , he was the first professional to lose to an amateur ,		who did he lose to		british player mark cox .		who did he play after		who did gonzales play after
pancho gonzales		open tennis		when did he play open tennis		most of gonzales 's career as a professional took place before the start of the open era of tennis in april 1968 ,		what happened in that year		he was therefore ineligible to compete at the grand slam events between the end of 1949 ( when he turned pro ) and the start of the open era in april 1968 .		why was he ineligible to compete		i do n't know .		what happened after that		in may 1968 , he was the first professional to lose to an amateur ,		who did he lose to		british player mark cox .		who did he play after		gonzales beat the 1967 defending champion roy emerson		what was the score		what was the score
pancho gonzales		open tennis		when did he play open tennis		most of gonzales 's career as a professional took place before the start of the open era of tennis in april 1968 ,		what happened in that year		he was therefore ineligible to compete at the grand slam events between the end of 1949 ( when he turned pro ) and the start of the open era in april 1968 .		why was he ineligible to compete		i do n't know .		what happened after that		in may 1968 , he was the first professional to lose to an amateur ,		who did he lose to		british player mark cox .		who did he play after		gonzales beat the 1967 defending champion roy emerson		what was the score		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from been the first professional to lose to an amateur are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
will forte		personal life		dd he graduate ?		did will forte graduate ?
will forte		personal life		dd he graduate ?		i do n't know .		when did he graduate ?		when did will forte graduate ?
will forte		personal life		dd he graduate ?		i do n't know .		when did he graduate ?		i do n't know .		did he marry ?		did will forte marry ?
will forte		personal life		dd he graduate ?		i do n't know .		when did he graduate ?		i do n't know .		did he marry ?		i do n't know .		does he have any kids ?		does will forte have any kids ?
will forte		personal life		dd he graduate ?		i do n't know .		when did he graduate ?		i do n't know .		did he marry ?		i do n't know .		does he have any kids ?		i do n't know .		what influenced him ?		what influenced will forte ?
will forte		personal life		dd he graduate ?		i do n't know .		when did he graduate ?		i do n't know .		did he marry ?		i do n't know .		does he have any kids ?		i do n't know .		what influenced him ?		forte was a childhood friend of founder steven wampler and previously the national spokesman for scieyes ,		what was life ike growing up ?		what was life like for will forte while growing up ?
will forte		personal life		dd he graduate ?		i do n't know .		when did he graduate ?		i do n't know .		did he marry ?		i do n't know .		does he have any kids ?		i do n't know .		what influenced him ?		forte was a childhood friend of founder steven wampler and previously the national spokesman for scieyes ,		what was life ike growing up ?		forte is a supporter of the camp wampler 's kids and recorded a promotional piece at snl with will ferrell .		did he do any charity work ?		did will forte do any charity work ?
will forte		personal life		dd he graduate ?		i do n't know .		when did he graduate ?		i do n't know .		did he marry ?		i do n't know .		does he have any kids ?		i do n't know .		what influenced him ?		forte was a childhood friend of founder steven wampler and previously the national spokesman for scieyes ,		what was life ike growing up ?		forte is a supporter of the camp wampler 's kids and recorded a promotional piece at snl with will ferrell .		did he do any charity work ?		he was a primary donor towards the establishment of a research fellowship for third - year medical students at duke medical center .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides his charity work , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
nikos galis		greek career		what team did galis play for in greece ?		what team did nikos galis play for in greece ?
nikos galis		greek career		what team did galis play for in greece ?		aris of thessaloniki , greece ,		what position did he play for them ?		what position did nikos galis play for aris of thessaloniki ?
nikos galis		greek career		what team did galis play for in greece ?		aris of thessaloniki , greece ,		what position did he play for them ?		shooting guard		was he successful on that team ?		was nikos galis successful on aris of thessaloniki ?
nikos galis		greek career		what team did galis play for in greece ?		aris of thessaloniki , greece ,		what position did he play for them ?		shooting guard		was he successful on that team ?		he played in the 1986 fiba world championship , where he led all players in scoring average , with 33.5 points per game .		did they win that world championship ?		did aris of thessaloniki win the 1986 world championship ?
nikos galis		greek career		what team did galis play for in greece ?		aris of thessaloniki , greece ,		what position did he play for them ?		shooting guard		was he successful on that team ?		he played in the 1986 fiba world championship , where he led all players in scoring average , with 33.5 points per game .		did they win that world championship ?		i do n't know .		did he play for any other teams in greece ?		did nikos galis play for any other teams in greece , besides aris of thessaloniki ?
nikos galis		greek career		what team did galis play for in greece ?		aris of thessaloniki , greece ,		what position did he play for them ?		shooting guard		was he successful on that team ?		he played in the 1986 fiba world championship , where he led all players in scoring average , with 33.5 points per game .		did they win that world championship ?		i do n't know .		did he play for any other teams in greece ?		i do n't know .		what other victories did he have while playing in greece ?		what other victories did nikos galis have while playing in greece , in addition to the 1986 world championship ?
nikos galis		greek career		what team did galis play for in greece ?		aris of thessaloniki , greece ,		what position did he play for them ?		shooting guard		was he successful on that team ?		he played in the 1986 fiba world championship , where he led all players in scoring average , with 33.5 points per game .		did they win that world championship ?		i do n't know .		did he play for any other teams in greece ?		i do n't know .		what other victories did he have while playing in greece ?		galis next led the greek national basketball team to the eurobasket 1987 gold medal .		who did they win against for the gold medal ?		who did aris of thessaloniki win against for the gold medal in 1987 ?
nikos galis		greek career		what team did galis play for in greece ?		aris of thessaloniki , greece ,		what position did he play for them ?		shooting guard		was he successful on that team ?		he played in the 1986 fiba world championship , where he led all players in scoring average , with 33.5 points per game .		did they win that world championship ?		i do n't know .		did he play for any other teams in greece ?		i do n't know .		what other victories did he have while playing in greece ?		galis next led the greek national basketball team to the eurobasket 1987 gold medal .		who did they win against for the gold medal ?		the soviet union national basketball team and its legendary player , sarunas marciulionis ,		did he win any awards in greece ?		did nikos galis win any awards in greece ?
nikos galis		greek career		what team did galis play for in greece ?		aris of thessaloniki , greece ,		what position did he play for them ?		shooting guard		was he successful on that team ?		he played in the 1986 fiba world championship , where he led all players in scoring average , with 33.5 points per game .		did they win that world championship ?		i do n't know .		did he play for any other teams in greece ?		i do n't know .		what other victories did he have while playing in greece ?		galis next led the greek national basketball team to the eurobasket 1987 gold medal .		who did they win against for the gold medal ?		the soviet union national basketball team and its legendary player , sarunas marciulionis ,		did he win any awards in greece ?		he was named the mvp of the tournament ,		which tournament was that ?		which tournament was nikos galis named mvp ?
nikos galis		greek career		what team did galis play for in greece ?		aris of thessaloniki , greece ,		what position did he play for them ?		shooting guard		was he successful on that team ?		he played in the 1986 fiba world championship , where he led all players in scoring average , with 33.5 points per game .		did they win that world championship ?		i do n't know .		did he play for any other teams in greece ?		i do n't know .		what other victories did he have while playing in greece ?		galis next led the greek national basketball team to the eurobasket 1987 gold medal .		who did they win against for the gold medal ?		the soviet union national basketball team and its legendary player , sarunas marciulionis ,		did he win any awards in greece ?		he was named the mvp of the tournament ,		which tournament was that ?		eurobasket 1989 ,		why was he named mvp ?		why was nikos galis named mvp in 1989 ?
nikos galis		greek career		what team did galis play for in greece ?		aris of thessaloniki , greece ,		what position did he play for them ?		shooting guard		was he successful on that team ?		he played in the 1986 fiba world championship , where he led all players in scoring average , with 33.5 points per game .		did they win that world championship ?		i do n't know .		did he play for any other teams in greece ?		i do n't know .		what other victories did he have while playing in greece ?		galis next led the greek national basketball team to the eurobasket 1987 gold medal .		who did they win against for the gold medal ?		the soviet union national basketball team and its legendary player , sarunas marciulionis ,		did he win any awards in greece ?		he was named the mvp of the tournament ,		which tournament was that ?		eurobasket 1989 ,		why was he named mvp ?		after scoring 40 points in the final against the soviet union national basketball team and its legendary player , sarunas marciulionis , for a 103 - 101 victory .		did he end his career in greece ?		did nikos galis end his career in greece ?
paul simon		1971 - 1976		what happened in 1971 ?		what happened with paul simon in 1971 ?
paul simon		1971 - 1976		what happened in 1971 ?		i do n't know .		what songs did he write and record ?		what songs did paul simon write and record ?
paul simon		1971 - 1976		what happened in 1971 ?		i do n't know .		what songs did he write and record ?		" american tune " or the melancholic " something so right " --		did he write any other music during this time ?		did paul simon write any other music during 1971 besides " american tune " or " something so right " ?
paul simon		1971 - 1976		what happened in 1971 ?		i do n't know .		what songs did he write and record ?		" american tune " or the melancholic " something so right " --		did he write any other music during this time ?		" mother and child reunion		did he produce any solo albums ?		did paul simon produce any solo albums ?
paul simon		1971 - 1976		what happened in 1971 ?		i do n't know .		what songs did he write and record ?		" american tune " or the melancholic " something so right " --		did he write any other music during this time ?		" mother and child reunion		did he produce any solo albums ?		" 50 ways to leave your lover " reached the top spot of the billboard charts , his only single to reach no . 1 on this list .		did he ever tour ?		did paul simon ever tour ?
paul simon		1971 - 1976		what happened in 1971 ?		i do n't know .		what songs did he write and record ?		" american tune " or the melancholic " something so right " --		did he write any other music during this time ?		" mother and child reunion		did he produce any solo albums ?		" 50 ways to leave your lover " reached the top spot of the billboard charts , his only single to reach no . 1 on this list .		did he ever tour ?		simon put together a benefit show at madison square garden to raise money for the new york public library .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article besides paul simon 's songs and solo albums ?
bill russell		as a competitor		how was russell as a competitor ?		how was bill russell as a competitor ?
bill russell		as a competitor		how was russell as a competitor ?		russell was driven by " a neurotic need to win " ,		how did other athletes like him ?		how did other athletes like him , besides thinking bill russell was driven be " a neurotic need to win " ? ?
bill russell		as a competitor		how was russell as a competitor ?		russell was driven by " a neurotic need to win " ,		how did other athletes like him ?		i do n't know .		what aspect of the game was he the best at ?		what aspect of the game was bill russel the best at ?
bill russell		as a competitor		how was russell as a competitor ?		russell was driven by " a neurotic need to win " ,		how did other athletes like him ?		i do n't know .		what aspect of the game was he the best at ?		russell was also known for his natural authority .		did he perform well with any other players ?		did bill garner perform well with any other players , in addition to his natural authority ?
bill russell		as a competitor		how was russell as a competitor ?		russell was driven by " a neurotic need to win " ,		how did other athletes like him ?		i do n't know .		what aspect of the game was he the best at ?		russell was also known for his natural authority .		did he perform well with any other players ?		i do n't know .		did he win any major games ?		did bill garner win any major games ?
john sebastian		the lovin' spoonful		what is the lovin spoonful ?		what is the lovin spoonful ?
john sebastian		the lovin' spoonful		what is the lovin spoonful ?		the lovin' spoonful , which blended folk - rock and pop with elements of blues , country , and jug band music ,		was this the name of an album ?		was the lovin' spoonful the name of an album ?
john sebastian		the lovin' spoonful		what is the lovin spoonful ?		the lovin' spoonful , which blended folk - rock and pop with elements of blues , country , and jug band music ,		was this the name of an album ?		i do n't know .		when was the lovin' spoonful released ?		when was the lovin' spoonful released ?
john sebastian		the lovin' spoonful		what is the lovin spoonful ?		the lovin' spoonful , which blended folk - rock and pop with elements of blues , country , and jug band music ,		was this the name of an album ?		i do n't know .		when was the lovin' spoonful released ?		i do n't know .		did john sebastian get married ?		did john sebastian get married ?
train ( band )		2001 - 2002 : drops of jupiter		what is the drops of jupiter ?		what is the drops of jupiter ?
train ( band )		2001 - 2002 : drops of jupiter		what is the drops of jupiter ?		drops of jupiter , the band 's second album ,		when was the album released ?		when was the album drops of jupiter released ?
train ( band )		2001 - 2002 : drops of jupiter		what is the drops of jupiter ?		drops of jupiter , the band 's second album ,		when was the album released ?		it entered the hot 100 on march 10 , 2001 ,		did they win any awards or was nominated from the album ?		did the band train win any awards or nominations from the album drops of jupiter ?
train ( band )		2001 - 2002 : drops of jupiter		what is the drops of jupiter ?		drops of jupiter , the band 's second album ,		when was the album released ?		it entered the hot 100 on march 10 , 2001 ,		did they win any awards or was nominated from the album ?		the song won a grammy award for best rock song , as well as a grammy award for best arrangement ,		did them winning get any other reorganization or was it featured somewhere else ?		besides the grammys , did train winning get any other recognition or was it featured somewhere else ?
train ( band )		2001 - 2002 : drops of jupiter		what is the drops of jupiter ?		drops of jupiter , the band 's second album ,		when was the album released ?		it entered the hot 100 on march 10 , 2001 ,		did they win any awards or was nominated from the album ?		the song won a grammy award for best rock song , as well as a grammy award for best arrangement ,		did them winning get any other reorganization or was it featured somewhere else ?		the second single from drops of jupiter was a modest success and was featured in the 2001 comedy the animal		did the band tour or travel for the album ?		did the band train tour or travel for the album drops of jupiter ?
train ( band )		2001 - 2002 : drops of jupiter		what is the drops of jupiter ?		drops of jupiter , the band 's second album ,		when was the album released ?		it entered the hot 100 on march 10 , 2001 ,		did they win any awards or was nominated from the album ?		the song won a grammy award for best rock song , as well as a grammy award for best arrangement ,		did them winning get any other reorganization or was it featured somewhere else ?		the second single from drops of jupiter was a modest success and was featured in the 2001 comedy the animal		did the band tour or travel for the album ?		during the drops of jupiter tour , the band released a live dvd of a sold out concert in the band 's hometown of san francisco at the warfield .		when was the video released or recorded ?		when was the live dvd of train 's the warfield , san francisco concert released or recorded ?
train ( band )		2001 - 2002 : drops of jupiter		what is the drops of jupiter ?		drops of jupiter , the band 's second album ,		when was the album released ?		it entered the hot 100 on march 10 , 2001 ,		did they win any awards or was nominated from the album ?		the song won a grammy award for best rock song , as well as a grammy award for best arrangement ,		did them winning get any other reorganization or was it featured somewhere else ?		the second single from drops of jupiter was a modest success and was featured in the 2001 comedy the animal		did the band tour or travel for the album ?		during the drops of jupiter tour , the band released a live dvd of a sold out concert in the band 's hometown of san francisco at the warfield .		when was the video released or recorded ?		the concert was recorded on may 26 , 2001 .		who was apart of the album ?		what was a part of train 's live 2001 dvd of the warfield , san francisco concert ?
train ( band )		2001 - 2002 : drops of jupiter		what is the drops of jupiter ?		drops of jupiter , the band 's second album ,		when was the album released ?		it entered the hot 100 on march 10 , 2001 ,		did they win any awards or was nominated from the album ?		the song won a grammy award for best rock song , as well as a grammy award for best arrangement ,		did them winning get any other reorganization or was it featured somewhere else ?		the second single from drops of jupiter was a modest success and was featured in the 2001 comedy the animal		did the band tour or travel for the album ?		during the drops of jupiter tour , the band released a live dvd of a sold out concert in the band 's hometown of san francisco at the warfield .		when was the video released or recorded ?		the concert was recorded on may 26 , 2001 .		who was apart of the album ?		the dvd was titled " midnight moon " and featured train 's hits from the first two albums among others .		did they have any major hits released during this time period from the album ?		did train have any major hits released during the 2001 - 2002 time period from the album drops of jupiter ?
train ( band )		2001 - 2002 : drops of jupiter		what is the drops of jupiter ?		drops of jupiter , the band 's second album ,		when was the album released ?		it entered the hot 100 on march 10 , 2001 ,		did they win any awards or was nominated from the album ?		the song won a grammy award for best rock song , as well as a grammy award for best arrangement ,		did them winning get any other reorganization or was it featured somewhere else ?		the second single from drops of jupiter was a modest success and was featured in the 2001 comedy the animal		did the band tour or travel for the album ?		during the drops of jupiter tour , the band released a live dvd of a sold out concert in the band 's hometown of san francisco at the warfield .		when was the video released or recorded ?		the concert was recorded on may 26 , 2001 .		who was apart of the album ?		the dvd was titled " midnight moon " and featured train 's hits from the first two albums among others .		did they have any major hits released during this time period from the album ?		" she 's on fire " , the second single from drops of jupiter		any other top charting hits released ?		besides " she 's on fire " , were any other top charting hits from the album drops of jupiter released ?
train ( band )		2001 - 2002 : drops of jupiter		what is the drops of jupiter ?		drops of jupiter , the band 's second album ,		when was the album released ?		it entered the hot 100 on march 10 , 2001 ,		did they win any awards or was nominated from the album ?		the song won a grammy award for best rock song , as well as a grammy award for best arrangement ,		did them winning get any other reorganization or was it featured somewhere else ?		the second single from drops of jupiter was a modest success and was featured in the 2001 comedy the animal		did the band tour or travel for the album ?		during the drops of jupiter tour , the band released a live dvd of a sold out concert in the band 's hometown of san francisco at the warfield .		when was the video released or recorded ?		the concert was recorded on may 26 , 2001 .		who was apart of the album ?		the dvd was titled " midnight moon " and featured train 's hits from the first two albums among others .		did they have any major hits released during this time period from the album ?		" she 's on fire " , the second single from drops of jupiter		any other top charting hits released ?		drops of jupiter ( tell me ) " . the song was a massive hit ;		was the album a top charter by any chance ?		was the album drops of jupiter a top charter by any chance ?
willie mccovey		return to san francisco ( 1977 - 80 )		why did willie mccovey return to san francisco ?		why did willie mccovey return to san francisco ?
willie mccovey		return to san francisco ( 1977 - 80 )		why did willie mccovey return to san francisco ?		i do n't know .		can you tell me about the return to san francisco ?		can you tell me about willie mccovey 's return to san francisco ?
willie mccovey		return to san francisco ( 1977 - 80 )		why did willie mccovey return to san francisco ?		i do n't know .		can you tell me about the return to san francisco ?		mccovey began 1977 as the active home run leader with 465 .		was he successful as being the active home run leader ?		was willie mccovey successful as being the active home run leader ?
willie mccovey		return to san francisco ( 1977 - 80 )		why did willie mccovey return to san francisco ?		i do n't know .		can you tell me about the return to san francisco ?		mccovey began 1977 as the active home run leader with 465 .		was he successful as being the active home run leader ?		he became the first player to hit two home runs in one inning twice in his career ( the first was on april 12 , 1973 ) ,		are there any other important information regarding this ?		are there any other important information regarding willie mccovey other than his success as active home run leader ?
b'z		early works ( 1988 - 1990 )		what were some of the early works released ?		what were some of the early works of b'z released ?
b'z		early works ( 1988 - 1990 )		what were some of the early works released ?		on 21 september 1988 , b'z made their debut with their first album , b'z ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides b'z 's early works , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
b'z		early works ( 1988 - 1990 )		what were some of the early works released ?		on 21 september 1988 , b'z made their debut with their first album , b'z ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		with all the digital sounds in mainstream music , the only sounds that they felt could not be expressed and replicated were the guitar and the human voice .		did they tour at all ?		did b'z tour at all ?
b'z		early works ( 1988 - 1990 )		what were some of the early works released ?		on 21 september 1988 , b'z made their debut with their first album , b'z ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		with all the digital sounds in mainstream music , the only sounds that they felt could not be expressed and replicated were the guitar and the human voice .		did they tour at all ?		their first nationwide tour , b'z live - gym no . 001 , covered 16 shows around japan .		did they have any influences ?		did b'z have any influences ?
b'z		early works ( 1988 - 1990 )		what were some of the early works released ?		on 21 september 1988 , b'z made their debut with their first album , b'z ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		with all the digital sounds in mainstream music , the only sounds that they felt could not be expressed and replicated were the guitar and the human voice .		did they tour at all ?		their first nationwide tour , b'z live - gym no . 001 , covered 16 shows around japan .		did they have any influences ?		their music was very much a product of its times , with synthesizers and samplers sharing equal time with matsumoto 's guitar , producing an experimental sound ,		did they work with any other artists ?		did b'z work with any other artists besides matsumoto ?
bernard lewis		views and influence on contemporary politics		what was bernard 's view and influence on contemporary politics ?		what was bernard 's view and influence on contemporary politics ?
bernard lewis		views and influence on contemporary politics		what was bernard 's view and influence on contemporary politics ?		lewis argues that the middle east is currently backward and its decline was a largely self - inflicted condition resulting from both culture and religion ,		who is the person hat oppose this view ?		who oppose the view of the middle east currently being backward and its decline was a largely self - inflicted condition resulting from both culture and religion ?
bernard lewis		views and influence on contemporary politics		what was bernard 's view and influence on contemporary politics ?		lewis argues that the middle east is currently backward and its decline was a largely self - inflicted condition resulting from both culture and religion ,		who is the person hat oppose this view ?		i do n't know .		does the view has any oposition ?		does the view of the middle east currently being backward and its decline was a largely self - inflicted condition resulting from both culture and religion has any oposition ?
bernard lewis		views and influence on contemporary politics		what was bernard 's view and influence on contemporary politics ?		lewis argues that the middle east is currently backward and its decline was a largely self - inflicted condition resulting from both culture and religion ,		who is the person hat oppose this view ?		i do n't know .		does the view has any oposition ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article other than lewis ' view that the middle east is backwards ?
zola budd		arrival in britain		when did she arrive to britain ?		when did zola budd arrive to britain ?
zola budd		arrival in britain		when did she arrive to britain ?		1984		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article zola budd 's arrival in britain other than when zola budd arrived ?
zola budd		arrival in britain		when did she arrive to britain ?		1984		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the daily mail , a british tabloid newspaper , persuaded budd 's father to encourage her to apply for british citizenship , on the grounds that her grandfather was british ,		did she do so ?		did zola budd apply for british citizenship ?
zola budd		arrival in britain		when did she arrive to britain ?		1984		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the daily mail , a british tabloid newspaper , persuaded budd 's father to encourage her to apply for british citizenship , on the grounds that her grandfather was british ,		did she do so ?		with a strong push from the daily mail , british citizenship was granted in short order and she moved to guildford .		what did she do once she became a british citizen ?		what did zola budd do once she became a british citizen ?
zola budd		arrival in britain		when did she arrive to britain ?		1984		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the daily mail , a british tabloid newspaper , persuaded budd 's father to encourage her to apply for british citizenship , on the grounds that her grandfather was british ,		did she do so ?		with a strong push from the daily mail , british citizenship was granted in short order and she moved to guildford .		what did she do once she became a british citizen ?		shortly afterwards , budd was forced to pull out of a 1500 metres race in crawley , sussex ,		why ?		why was zola budd forced to pull out of a 1500 metres race in crawley , sussex ?
guns n ' roses		g n ' r lies		was there any hits on lies ?		was there any hits on guns n ' roses album , g n ' r lies ?
guns n ' roses		g n ' r lies		was there any hits on lies ?		the four recordings from the band 's 1986 ep live ? ! * @ like a suicide , as well as four new acoustic tracks . "		did they tour for this album ?		did guns n ' roses tour for the g n ' r lies album ?
guns n ' roses		g n ' r lies		was there any hits on lies ?		the four recordings from the band 's 1986 ep live ? ! * @ like a suicide , as well as four new acoustic tracks . "		did they tour for this album ?		i do n't know .		did they win any awards for this album ?		did guns n ' roses win any awards for the g n ' r lies album ?
guns n ' roses		g n ' r lies		was there any hits on lies ?		the four recordings from the band 's 1986 ep live ? ! * @ like a suicide , as well as four new acoustic tracks . "		did they tour for this album ?		i do n't know .		did they win any awards for this album ?		i do n't know .		was there any controversy mentioned ?		was there any controversy about the g n ' r lies album mentioned ?
guns n ' roses		g n ' r lies		was there any hits on lies ?		the four recordings from the band 's 1986 ep live ? ! * @ like a suicide , as well as four new acoustic tracks . "		did they tour for this album ?		i do n't know .		did they win any awards for this album ?		i do n't know .		was there any controversy mentioned ?		riots nearly broke out during two august 1988 shows in new york state . at england 's monsters of rock festival ,		did they do any other tours ?		besides the england 's monsters of rock festival , did guns n ' roses do any other tours ?
guns n ' roses		g n ' r lies		was there any hits on lies ?		the four recordings from the band 's 1986 ep live ? ! * @ like a suicide , as well as four new acoustic tracks . "		did they tour for this album ?		i do n't know .		did they win any awards for this album ?		i do n't know .		was there any controversy mentioned ?		riots nearly broke out during two august 1988 shows in new york state . at england 's monsters of rock festival ,		did they do any other tours ?		i do n't know .		how was the album received ?		how was guns n ' roses album g n ' r lies received ?
grace slick		personal life		what can you tell me about grace 's personal life ?		what can you tell me about grace 's personal life ?
grace slick		personal life		what can you tell me about grace 's personal life ?		has been married twice -- to gerald " jerry " slick , a cinematographer ,		what else can you tell me about her life outside music ?		what else can you tell me about grace 's life outside music other than being married to slick ?
grace slick		personal life		what can you tell me about grace 's personal life ?		has been married twice -- to gerald " jerry " slick , a cinematographer ,		what else can you tell me about her life outside music ?		then to skip johnson , a jefferson starship lighting designer ,		is there any info about her childhood ?		is there any info about grace 's childhood ?
grace slick		personal life		what can you tell me about grace 's personal life ?		has been married twice -- to gerald " jerry " slick , a cinematographer ,		what else can you tell me about her life outside music ?		then to skip johnson , a jefferson starship lighting designer ,		is there any info about her childhood ?		i do n't know .		were either of her husbands involved in her musical career ?		were either of grace 's husbands involved in her musical career ?
grace slick		personal life		what can you tell me about grace 's personal life ?		has been married twice -- to gerald " jerry " slick , a cinematographer ,		what else can you tell me about her life outside music ?		then to skip johnson , a jefferson starship lighting designer ,		is there any info about her childhood ?		i do n't know .		were either of her husbands involved in her musical career ?		i do n't know .		what else can you tell me about her personal life ?		what else can you tell me about grace 's personal life other than her two husbands ?
grace slick		personal life		what can you tell me about grace 's personal life ?		has been married twice -- to gerald " jerry " slick , a cinematographer ,		what else can you tell me about her life outside music ?		then to skip johnson , a jefferson starship lighting designer ,		is there any info about her childhood ?		i do n't know .		were either of her husbands involved in her musical career ?		i do n't know .		what else can you tell me about her personal life ?		she has one child -- a daughter , china wing kantner		did her daughter play any part in her career ?		did grace 's daughter play any part in her career ?
rocky anderson		mayor of salt lake city		who was the mayor ?		who was the mayor ?
rocky anderson		mayor of salt lake city		who was the mayor ?		anderson ran for mayor of salt lake city in 1999 , defeating 10 other candidates in the primary campaign ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from anderson been the mayor of salt lake city , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
rocky anderson		mayor of salt lake city		who was the mayor ?		anderson ran for mayor of salt lake city in 1999 , defeating 10 other candidates in the primary campaign ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		anderson 's two terms in office were extremely eventful , with anderson playing a leading role in hosting the 2002 winter olympic games ;		did they win any awards ?		did salt lake city win any awards ?
rocky anderson		mayor of salt lake city		who was the mayor ?		anderson ran for mayor of salt lake city in 1999 , defeating 10 other candidates in the primary campaign ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		anderson 's two terms in office were extremely eventful , with anderson playing a leading role in hosting the 2002 winter olympic games ;		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		when did he leave office ?		when did anderson leave office ?
rocky anderson		mayor of salt lake city		who was the mayor ?		anderson ran for mayor of salt lake city in 1999 , defeating 10 other candidates in the primary campaign ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		anderson 's two terms in office were extremely eventful , with anderson playing a leading role in hosting the 2002 winter olympic games ;		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		when did he leave office ?		anderson chose not to run for a third term to be able to push for reforms of u.s. human rights policies and practices through grassroots organizing .		when was the third term ?		when was the third term ?
rocky anderson		mayor of salt lake city		who was the mayor ?		anderson ran for mayor of salt lake city in 1999 , defeating 10 other candidates in the primary campaign ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		anderson 's two terms in office were extremely eventful , with anderson playing a leading role in hosting the 2002 winter olympic games ;		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		when did he leave office ?		anderson chose not to run for a third term to be able to push for reforms of u.s. human rights policies and practices through grassroots organizing .		when was the third term ?		i do n't know .		did the vote pass ?		did the vote pass ?
rocky anderson		mayor of salt lake city		who was the mayor ?		anderson ran for mayor of salt lake city in 1999 , defeating 10 other candidates in the primary campaign ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		anderson 's two terms in office were extremely eventful , with anderson playing a leading role in hosting the 2002 winter olympic games ;		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		when did he leave office ?		anderson chose not to run for a third term to be able to push for reforms of u.s. human rights policies and practices through grassroots organizing .		when was the third term ?		i do n't know .		did the vote pass ?		63 % of the city population voted against banning same - sex marriage , in agreement with mayor anderson .		was he married ?		was anderson married ?
rocky anderson		mayor of salt lake city		who was the mayor ?		anderson ran for mayor of salt lake city in 1999 , defeating 10 other candidates in the primary campaign ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		anderson 's two terms in office were extremely eventful , with anderson playing a leading role in hosting the 2002 winter olympic games ;		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		when did he leave office ?		anderson chose not to run for a third term to be able to push for reforms of u.s. human rights policies and practices through grassroots organizing .		when was the third term ?		i do n't know .		did the vote pass ?		63 % of the city population voted against banning same - sex marriage , in agreement with mayor anderson .		was he married ?		i do n't know .		did he have children ?		did anderson have children ?
rocky anderson		mayor of salt lake city		who was the mayor ?		anderson ran for mayor of salt lake city in 1999 , defeating 10 other candidates in the primary campaign ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		anderson 's two terms in office were extremely eventful , with anderson playing a leading role in hosting the 2002 winter olympic games ;		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		when did he leave office ?		anderson chose not to run for a third term to be able to push for reforms of u.s. human rights policies and practices through grassroots organizing .		when was the third term ?		i do n't know .		did the vote pass ?		63 % of the city population voted against banning same - sex marriage , in agreement with mayor anderson .		was he married ?		i do n't know .		did he have children ?		i do n't know .		what was his biggest accomplishment ?		what was andersons biggest accomplishment ?
rocky anderson		mayor of salt lake city		who was the mayor ?		anderson ran for mayor of salt lake city in 1999 , defeating 10 other candidates in the primary campaign ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		anderson 's two terms in office were extremely eventful , with anderson playing a leading role in hosting the 2002 winter olympic games ;		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		when did he leave office ?		anderson chose not to run for a third term to be able to push for reforms of u.s. human rights policies and practices through grassroots organizing .		when was the third term ?		i do n't know .		did the vote pass ?		63 % of the city population voted against banning same - sex marriage , in agreement with mayor anderson .		was he married ?		i do n't know .		did he have children ?		i do n't know .		what was his biggest accomplishment ?		he also founded the salt lake city international jazz festival , as well as providing national and international leadership regarding climate protection .		anything else interesting ?		aside from been major and founding the salt lake city international jazz festival , anything else interesting ?
rocky anderson		mayor of salt lake city		who was the mayor ?		anderson ran for mayor of salt lake city in 1999 , defeating 10 other candidates in the primary campaign ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		anderson 's two terms in office were extremely eventful , with anderson playing a leading role in hosting the 2002 winter olympic games ;		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		when did he leave office ?		anderson chose not to run for a third term to be able to push for reforms of u.s. human rights policies and practices through grassroots organizing .		when was the third term ?		i do n't know .		did the vote pass ?		63 % of the city population voted against banning same - sex marriage , in agreement with mayor anderson .		was he married ?		i do n't know .		did he have children ?		i do n't know .		what was his biggest accomplishment ?		he also founded the salt lake city international jazz festival , as well as providing national and international leadership regarding climate protection .		anything else interesting ?		he conducted a successful national campaign to require that airports across the country screen all checked luggage , expanded the area 's light rail system ,		what else ?		aside from been major what else ?
bob dylan		never ending tour		when was the never ending tour ?		when was the never ending tour by bob dylan ?
bob dylan		never ending tour		when was the never ending tour ?		the never ending tour commenced on june 7 , 1988 ,		how long did it last ?		how long did the never ending tour by bob dylan ?
bob dylan		never ending tour		when was the never ending tour ?		the never ending tour commenced on june 7 , 1988 ,		how long did it last ?		dylan has played roughly 100 dates a year for the entirety of the 1990s and 2000s		what songs did he sing on this tour ?		what songs did bob dylan sing on the never ending tour ?
bob dylan		never ending tour		when was the never ending tour ?		the never ending tour commenced on june 7 , 1988 ,		how long did it last ?		dylan has played roughly 100 dates a year for the entirety of the 1990s and 2000s		what songs did he sing on this tour ?		there 's no logical answer to that , so we sent them the set lists from the previous 3 months .		did anyone join him on the tour ?		did anyone join bob dylan on the never ending tour ?
bob dylan		never ending tour		when was the never ending tour ?		the never ending tour commenced on june 7 , 1988 ,		how long did it last ?		dylan has played roughly 100 dates a year for the entirety of the 1990s and 2000s		what songs did he sing on this tour ?		there 's no logical answer to that , so we sent them the set lists from the previous 3 months .		did anyone join him on the tour ?		i do n't know .		how long did they join him for ?		how long did anyone join bob dylan for on the never ending tour ?
bob dylan		never ending tour		when was the never ending tour ?		the never ending tour commenced on june 7 , 1988 ,		how long did it last ?		dylan has played roughly 100 dates a year for the entirety of the 1990s and 2000s		what songs did he sing on this tour ?		there 's no logical answer to that , so we sent them the set lists from the previous 3 months .		did anyone join him on the tour ?		i do n't know .		how long did they join him for ?		by may 2013 , dylan and his band had played more than 2,500 shows ,		did they tour again after this ?		did bob dylan tour again after the never ending tour ?
jennifer capriati		2003 : new haven champion		what did she do in 2003 ?		what did jennifer capriati do in 2003 ?
jennifer capriati		2003 : new haven champion		what did she do in 2003 ?		in the opening round of the 2003 australian open capriati lost to unseeded and unheralded marlene weingartner .		did she play any other matches that year ?		in addition to the 2003 australian open match lost to marlene weingartner , did jennifer capriati play any other matches in 2003 ?
jennifer capriati		2003 : new haven champion		what did she do in 2003 ?		in the opening round of the 2003 australian open capriati lost to unseeded and unheralded marlene weingartner .		did she play any other matches that year ?		she withdrew from the pan pacific open to further recover from her surgery .		did she return to play later ?		did jennifer capriati return to play after the surgery ?
jennifer capriati		2003 : new haven champion		what did she do in 2003 ?		in the opening round of the 2003 australian open capriati lost to unseeded and unheralded marlene weingartner .		did she play any other matches that year ?		she withdrew from the pan pacific open to further recover from her surgery .		did she return to play later ?		capriati rebounded by reaching at least semifinals of the next five tournaments she played .		what did she do next ?		what did jennifer capriati do after reaching semifinals of the next five tournaments played after the surgery ?
jennifer capriati		2003 : new haven champion		what did she do in 2003 ?		in the opening round of the 2003 australian open capriati lost to unseeded and unheralded marlene weingartner .		did she play any other matches that year ?		she withdrew from the pan pacific open to further recover from her surgery .		did she return to play later ?		capriati rebounded by reaching at least semifinals of the next five tournaments she played .		what did she do next ?		she lost to lindsay davenport in the semifinals of the indian wells tournament .		who did she play next ?		who did jennifer capriati play next to lindsay davenport in the semifinals of the indian wells tournament ?
jennifer capriati		2003 : new haven champion		what did she do in 2003 ?		in the opening round of the 2003 australian open capriati lost to unseeded and unheralded marlene weingartner .		did she play any other matches that year ?		she withdrew from the pan pacific open to further recover from her surgery .		did she return to play later ?		capriati rebounded by reaching at least semifinals of the next five tournaments she played .		what did she do next ?		she lost to lindsay davenport in the semifinals of the indian wells tournament .		who did she play next ?		serena williams .		how did that go ?		how did the match of jennifer capriati against serena williams go ?
jennifer capriati		2003 : new haven champion		what did she do in 2003 ?		in the opening round of the 2003 australian open capriati lost to unseeded and unheralded marlene weingartner .		did she play any other matches that year ?		she withdrew from the pan pacific open to further recover from her surgery .		did she return to play later ?		capriati rebounded by reaching at least semifinals of the next five tournaments she played .		what did she do next ?		she lost to lindsay davenport in the semifinals of the indian wells tournament .		who did she play next ?		serena williams .		how did that go ?		she reached the quarters of wimbledon for the sixth time , losing to serena williams in three sets , her eighth consecutive loss to her compatriot .		what is interesting about this article to the reader ?		what is interesting about this article to the reader ?
josh groban		performances		what are some of groban 's famous performances ?		what are some of groban 's famous performances ?
josh groban		performances		what are some of groban 's famous performances ?		in june 2007 , groban recorded a christmas album in london with the london symphony orchestra and the magdalen college choir ,		what songs did he sing ?		what songs did groban sing ?
josh groban		performances		what are some of groban 's famous performances ?		in june 2007 , groban recorded a christmas album in london with the london symphony orchestra and the magdalen college choir ,		what songs did he sing ?		" my country ' tis of thee		has he ever performed with other famous singers ?		has groban ever performed together with other famous singers ?
josh groban		performances		what are some of groban 's famous performances ?		in june 2007 , groban recorded a christmas album in london with the london symphony orchestra and the magdalen college choir ,		what songs did he sing ?		" my country ' tis of thee		has he ever performed with other famous singers ?		" my country ' tis of thee " in duet with heather headley .		what awards ceremonies if any did he perform at ?		what awards ceremonies if any did groban perform at ?
josh groban		performances		what are some of groban 's famous performances ?		in june 2007 , groban recorded a christmas album in london with the london symphony orchestra and the magdalen college choir ,		what songs did he sing ?		" my country ' tis of thee		has he ever performed with other famous singers ?		" my country ' tis of thee " in duet with heather headley .		what awards ceremonies if any did he perform at ?		on may 12 and 13 , 2008 at royal albert hall , london , groban performed as " the russian "		who were his co - stars ?		who were groban 's co - stars ?
josh groban		performances		what are some of groban 's famous performances ?		in june 2007 , groban recorded a christmas album in london with the london symphony orchestra and the magdalen college choir ,		what songs did he sing ?		" my country ' tis of thee		has he ever performed with other famous singers ?		" my country ' tis of thee " in duet with heather headley .		what awards ceremonies if any did he perform at ?		on may 12 and 13 , 2008 at royal albert hall , london , groban performed as " the russian "		who were his co - stars ?		anatoly sergievsky ; joining with broadway stars idina menzel and adam pascal in " chess in concert " a		was the performance well received ?		was the performance with groban well received ?
josh groban		2010-present : illuminations ; all that echoes ; and great comet		when was illuminations released ?		when was the album , illuminations released ?
josh groban		2010-present : illuminations ; all that echoes ; and great comet		when was illuminations released ?		illuminations , and the album was released on november 15 , 2010 .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the release of the albums , are there other interesting aspects about this article ?
josh groban		2010-present : illuminations ; all that echoes ; and great comet		when was illuminations released ?		illuminations , and the album was released on november 15 , 2010 .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		17-year - old groban was introduced by his vocal coach , seth riggs , to grammy - winning producer		when was all that echos released ?		when was the album all that echoes released ?
josh groban		2010-present : illuminations ; all that echoes ; and great comet		when was illuminations released ?		illuminations , and the album was released on november 15 , 2010 .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		17-year - old groban was introduced by his vocal coach , seth riggs , to grammy - winning producer		when was all that echos released ?		all that echoes was released on february 5 , 2013 ,		how did it do on the charts ?		how did all that echoes do on the charts ?
josh groban		2010-present : illuminations ; all that echoes ; and great comet		when was illuminations released ?		illuminations , and the album was released on november 15 , 2010 .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		17-year - old groban was introduced by his vocal coach , seth riggs , to grammy - winning producer		when was all that echos released ?		all that echoes was released on february 5 , 2013 ,		how did it do on the charts ?		debuting at number one by selling 141,000 copies .		did it have any hits ?		did the album , all that echoes , have any hits ?
josh groban		2010-present : illuminations ; all that echoes ; and great comet		when was illuminations released ?		illuminations , and the album was released on november 15 , 2010 .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		17-year - old groban was introduced by his vocal coach , seth riggs , to grammy - winning producer		when was all that echos released ?		all that echoes was released on february 5 , 2013 ,		how did it do on the charts ?		debuting at number one by selling 141,000 copies .		did it have any hits ?		i do n't know .		how did illuminations do on the charts ?		how did the album illuminations do on the charts ?
the untouchables ( 1959 tv series )		series overview		what was the series about		what was the untouchables series about ?
the untouchables ( 1959 tv series )		series overview		what was the series about		the series originally focused on the efforts of a real - life squad of prohibition agents employed by the united states department of the treasury and led by eliot ness ( stack ) ,		who were some of the other actors that starred in the series		other than stack , who were some of the other actors that starred in the untouchables series ?
the untouchables ( 1959 tv series )		series overview		what was the series about		the series originally focused on the efforts of a real - life squad of prohibition agents employed by the united states department of the treasury and led by eliot ness ( stack ) ,		who were some of the other actors that starred in the series		neville brand as al capone ,		were there others as well		were there other actors as well that starred in the untouchables series ?
the untouchables ( 1959 tv series )		series overview		what was the series about		the series originally focused on the efforts of a real - life squad of prohibition agents employed by the united states department of the treasury and led by eliot ness ( stack ) ,		who were some of the other actors that starred in the series		neville brand as al capone ,		were there others as well		an array of gangsters and villains of the 1930s , including ma barker , dutch schultz , bugs moran , vincent " mad dog " coll , legs diamond , lucky luciano , and in one episode , nazi agents .		did the series win any awards ?		did the untouchables series win any awards ?
the untouchables ( 1959 tv series )		series overview		what was the series about		the series originally focused on the efforts of a real - life squad of prohibition agents employed by the united states department of the treasury and led by eliot ness ( stack ) ,		who were some of the other actors that starred in the series		neville brand as al capone ,		were there others as well		an array of gangsters and villains of the 1930s , including ma barker , dutch schultz , bugs moran , vincent " mad dog " coll , legs diamond , lucky luciano , and in one episode , nazi agents .		did the series win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what was particularly noteable about the series ?		what was particularly noteable about the untouchables series ?
the untouchables ( 1959 tv series )		series overview		what was the series about		the series originally focused on the efforts of a real - life squad of prohibition agents employed by the united states department of the treasury and led by eliot ness ( stack ) ,		who were some of the other actors that starred in the series		neville brand as al capone ,		were there others as well		an array of gangsters and villains of the 1930s , including ma barker , dutch schultz , bugs moran , vincent " mad dog " coll , legs diamond , lucky luciano , and in one episode , nazi agents .		did the series win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what was particularly noteable about the series ?		that helped bring down the bootleg empire of " scarface " al capone , as described in ness 's bestselling 1957 memoir . this squad was nicknamed " the untouchables " ,		did they help bring down anyone else ?		besides al capone , did the untouchables help bring down anyone else ?
the untouchables ( 1959 tv series )		series overview		what was the series about		the series originally focused on the efforts of a real - life squad of prohibition agents employed by the united states department of the treasury and led by eliot ness ( stack ) ,		who were some of the other actors that starred in the series		neville brand as al capone ,		were there others as well		an array of gangsters and villains of the 1930s , including ma barker , dutch schultz , bugs moran , vincent " mad dog " coll , legs diamond , lucky luciano , and in one episode , nazi agents .		did the series win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what was particularly noteable about the series ?		that helped bring down the bootleg empire of " scarface " al capone , as described in ness 's bestselling 1957 memoir . this squad was nicknamed " the untouchables " ,		did they help bring down anyone else ?		because of their courage and honesty ; they could not be bribed or intimidated by the mob .		did they have a lot of fans		did the untouchables have a lot of fans ?
the untouchables ( 1959 tv series )		series overview		what was the series about		the series originally focused on the efforts of a real - life squad of prohibition agents employed by the united states department of the treasury and led by eliot ness ( stack ) ,		who were some of the other actors that starred in the series		neville brand as al capone ,		were there others as well		an array of gangsters and villains of the 1930s , including ma barker , dutch schultz , bugs moran , vincent " mad dog " coll , legs diamond , lucky luciano , and in one episode , nazi agents .		did the series win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what was particularly noteable about the series ?		that helped bring down the bootleg empire of " scarface " al capone , as described in ness 's bestselling 1957 memoir . this squad was nicknamed " the untouchables " ,		did they help bring down anyone else ?		because of their courage and honesty ; they could not be bribed or intimidated by the mob .		did they have a lot of fans		i do n't know .		what did you find most interesting about the series ?		what did you find most interesting about the untouchables series ?
the untouchables ( 1959 tv series )		series overview		what was the series about		the series originally focused on the efforts of a real - life squad of prohibition agents employed by the united states department of the treasury and led by eliot ness ( stack ) ,		who were some of the other actors that starred in the series		neville brand as al capone ,		were there others as well		an array of gangsters and villains of the 1930s , including ma barker , dutch schultz , bugs moran , vincent " mad dog " coll , legs diamond , lucky luciano , and in one episode , nazi agents .		did the series win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what was particularly noteable about the series ?		that helped bring down the bootleg empire of " scarface " al capone , as described in ness 's bestselling 1957 memoir . this squad was nicknamed " the untouchables " ,		did they help bring down anyone else ?		because of their courage and honesty ; they could not be bribed or intimidated by the mob .		did they have a lot of fans		i do n't know .		what did you find most interesting about the series ?		cbs , which had broadcast most of desilu 's television output since 1951 beginning with i love lucy , was offered the new series following the success of the pilot film .		who produced the untouchables ?		who produced the untouchables series ?
the untouchables ( 1959 tv series )		series overview		what was the series about		the series originally focused on the efforts of a real - life squad of prohibition agents employed by the united states department of the treasury and led by eliot ness ( stack ) ,		who were some of the other actors that starred in the series		neville brand as al capone ,		were there others as well		an array of gangsters and villains of the 1930s , including ma barker , dutch schultz , bugs moran , vincent " mad dog " coll , legs diamond , lucky luciano , and in one episode , nazi agents .		did the series win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what was particularly noteable about the series ?		that helped bring down the bootleg empire of " scarface " al capone , as described in ness 's bestselling 1957 memoir . this squad was nicknamed " the untouchables " ,		did they help bring down anyone else ?		because of their courage and honesty ; they could not be bribed or intimidated by the mob .		did they have a lot of fans		i do n't know .		what did you find most interesting about the series ?		cbs , which had broadcast most of desilu 's television output since 1951 beginning with i love lucy , was offered the new series following the success of the pilot film .		who produced the untouchables ?		chairman william s. paley rejected it on the advice of network vice president hubbell robinson . abc agreed to air the series , and the untouchables premiered on october 15 , 1959 .		what station did it air on		what television station did the untouchables series air on ?
john sherman cooper		early political career		what was the first job he held ?		what was the first job john sherman cooper held ?
john sherman cooper		early political career		what was the first job he held ?		after being urged into politics by his uncle , judge roscoe tartar ,		what was the first office he ran for ?		what was the first office john sherman cooper ran for ?
john sherman cooper		early political career		what was the first job he held ?		after being urged into politics by his uncle , judge roscoe tartar ,		what was the first office he ran for ?		cooper ran unopposed for a seat in the kentucky house of representatives as a republican in 1927 .		how long was he in office ?		how long was john sherman cooper in office ?
john sherman cooper		early political career		what was the first job he held ?		after being urged into politics by his uncle , judge roscoe tartar ,		what was the first office he ran for ?		cooper ran unopposed for a seat in the kentucky house of representatives as a republican in 1927 .		how long was he in office ?		i do n't know .		did he run for another political office after that ?		did john sherman cooper run for another political office after his run for the kentucky house of representatives in 1927 ?
john sherman cooper		early political career		what was the first job he held ?		after being urged into politics by his uncle , judge roscoe tartar ,		what was the first office he ran for ?		cooper ran unopposed for a seat in the kentucky house of representatives as a republican in 1927 .		how long was he in office ?		i do n't know .		did he run for another political office after that ?		in 1929 , cooper declared his candidacy for county judge of pulaski county .		did he win that election ?		did john sherman cooper win the 1929 election for county judge of pulaski county ?
john sherman cooper		early political career		what was the first job he held ?		after being urged into politics by his uncle , judge roscoe tartar ,		what was the first office he ran for ?		cooper ran unopposed for a seat in the kentucky house of representatives as a republican in 1927 .		how long was he in office ?		i do n't know .		did he run for another political office after that ?		in 1929 , cooper declared his candidacy for county judge of pulaski county .		did he win that election ?		his opponent , the incumbent , was the president of somerset bank and the former law partner of cooper 's father . cooper won the election , however ,		did he win by a lot ?		did john sherman cooper win the 1929 election for county judge of pulaski county by a lot ?
john sherman cooper		early political career		what was the first job he held ?		after being urged into politics by his uncle , judge roscoe tartar ,		what was the first office he ran for ?		cooper ran unopposed for a seat in the kentucky house of representatives as a republican in 1927 .		how long was he in office ?		i do n't know .		did he run for another political office after that ?		in 1929 , cooper declared his candidacy for county judge of pulaski county .		did he win that election ?		his opponent , the incumbent , was the president of somerset bank and the former law partner of cooper 's father . cooper won the election , however ,		did he win by a lot ?		i do n't know .		did he do anything special while he was county judge ?		did john sherman cooper do anything special while he was county judge ?
john sherman cooper		early political career		what was the first job he held ?		after being urged into politics by his uncle , judge roscoe tartar ,		what was the first office he ran for ?		cooper ran unopposed for a seat in the kentucky house of representatives as a republican in 1927 .		how long was he in office ?		i do n't know .		did he run for another political office after that ?		in 1929 , cooper declared his candidacy for county judge of pulaski county .		did he win that election ?		his opponent , the incumbent , was the president of somerset bank and the former law partner of cooper 's father . cooper won the election , however ,		did he win by a lot ?		i do n't know .		did he do anything special while he was county judge ?		during his service , he was required by law to enforce eviction notices , but often helped those he evicted find other housing or		is there any other interesting information ?		other than john sherman cooper 's terms in the kentucky house of representatives and as the county judge of pulaski county , is there any other interesting information ?
ronald d. moore		post - star trek career ( 2000 - 03 )		what did moore did after star trek ?		what did ronald d. moore do after his career in star trek ?
ronald d. moore		post - star trek career ( 2000 - 03 )		what did moore did after star trek ?		moore wrote some of the show 's most popular episodes ,		what did he work on after star trek was done ?		what did ronald d. moore work on after star trek was done ?
ronald d. moore		post - star trek career ( 2000 - 03 )		what did moore did after star trek ?		moore wrote some of the show 's most popular episodes ,		what did he work on after star trek was done ?		moore also developed a pilot based on anne mccaffrey 's dragonriders of pern for the wb ,		did he work on any other shows ?		aside from star trek , did moore work on any other shows ?
ronald d. moore		post - star trek career ( 2000 - 03 )		what did moore did after star trek ?		moore wrote some of the show 's most popular episodes ,		what did he work on after star trek was done ?		moore also developed a pilot based on anne mccaffrey 's dragonriders of pern for the wb ,		did he work on any other shows ?		in 2002 , david eick ( whom moore worked with on good vs evil ) approached moore about a new four - hour battlestar galactica mini - series for universal .		what role did he play in the battlestar galactica mini - series ?		what role did robert d. moore play in the battlestar galactica mini - series ?
ronald d. moore		post - star trek career ( 2000 - 03 )		what did moore did after star trek ?		moore wrote some of the show 's most popular episodes ,		what did he work on after star trek was done ?		moore also developed a pilot based on anne mccaffrey 's dragonriders of pern for the wb ,		did he work on any other shows ?		in 2002 , david eick ( whom moore worked with on good vs evil ) approached moore about a new four - hour battlestar galactica mini - series for universal .		what role did he play in the battlestar galactica mini - series ?		moore developed the mini - series with eick , writing the scripts and updating the old series ,		did he work on any movies ?		did the screenwriter robert d. moore work on any movies ?
ronald d. moore		post - star trek career ( 2000 - 03 )		what did moore did after star trek ?		moore wrote some of the show 's most popular episodes ,		what did he work on after star trek was done ?		moore also developed a pilot based on anne mccaffrey 's dragonriders of pern for the wb ,		did he work on any other shows ?		in 2002 , david eick ( whom moore worked with on good vs evil ) approached moore about a new four - hour battlestar galactica mini - series for universal .		what role did he play in the battlestar galactica mini - series ?		moore developed the mini - series with eick , writing the scripts and updating the old series ,		did he work on any movies ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards for his post - star trek work ?		did writer robert d moore win any awards for his post - star trek work ?
ronald d. moore		post - star trek career ( 2000 - 03 )		what did moore did after star trek ?		moore wrote some of the show 's most popular episodes ,		what did he work on after star trek was done ?		moore also developed a pilot based on anne mccaffrey 's dragonriders of pern for the wb ,		did he work on any other shows ?		in 2002 , david eick ( whom moore worked with on good vs evil ) approached moore about a new four - hour battlestar galactica mini - series for universal .		what role did he play in the battlestar galactica mini - series ?		moore developed the mini - series with eick , writing the scripts and updating the old series ,		did he work on any movies ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards for his post - star trek work ?		i do n't know .		what happened to moore in 2003 ?		what happened to star trek screenwriter robert d. moore in 2003 ?
ronald d. moore		post - star trek career ( 2000 - 03 )		what did moore did after star trek ?		moore wrote some of the show 's most popular episodes ,		what did he work on after star trek was done ?		moore also developed a pilot based on anne mccaffrey 's dragonriders of pern for the wb ,		did he work on any other shows ?		in 2002 , david eick ( whom moore worked with on good vs evil ) approached moore about a new four - hour battlestar galactica mini - series for universal .		what role did he play in the battlestar galactica mini - series ?		moore developed the mini - series with eick , writing the scripts and updating the old series ,		did he work on any movies ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards for his post - star trek work ?		i do n't know .		what happened to moore in 2003 ?		galactica aired in 2003 and became the highest - rated miniseries on cable that year		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides his post - star trek career , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
antonie van leeuwenhoek		early life and career		what was his early life like		what was leeuwenhoek early life like
antonie van leeuwenhoek		early life and career		what was his early life like		antonie van leeuwenhoek was born in delft , dutch republic , on		on what		on what date ?
antonie van leeuwenhoek		early life and career		what was his early life like		antonie van leeuwenhoek was born in delft , dutch republic , on		on what		24 october 1632 .		what was his career choice		what was leeuwenhoek 's career choice ?
antonie van leeuwenhoek		early life and career		what was his early life like		antonie van leeuwenhoek was born in delft , dutch republic , on		on what		24 october 1632 .		what was his career choice		he opened a draper 's shop , which he ran throughout the 1650s .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from leeuwenhoek opening a draper 's shop are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
antonie van leeuwenhoek		early life and career		what was his early life like		antonie van leeuwenhoek was born in delft , dutch republic , on		on what		24 october 1632 .		what was his career choice		he opened a draper 's shop , which he ran throughout the 1650s .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		his status in delft had grown throughout the years . in 1660 he received a lucrative job		wha was the lucrative job		wha was the lucrative job
antonie van leeuwenhoek		early life and career		what was his early life like		antonie van leeuwenhoek was born in delft , dutch republic , on		on what		24 october 1632 .		what was his career choice		he opened a draper 's shop , which he ran throughout the 1650s .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		his status in delft had grown throughout the years . in 1660 he received a lucrative job		wha was the lucrative job		as chamberlain for the assembly chamber of the delft sheriffs in the city hall , a position which he would hold		he would hold what ?		leeuwenhoek would hold what ?
antonie van leeuwenhoek		early life and career		what was his early life like		antonie van leeuwenhoek was born in delft , dutch republic , on		on what		24 october 1632 .		what was his career choice		he opened a draper 's shop , which he ran throughout the 1650s .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		his status in delft had grown throughout the years . in 1660 he received a lucrative job		wha was the lucrative job		as chamberlain for the assembly chamber of the delft sheriffs in the city hall , a position which he would hold		he would hold what ?		hold for almost 40 years . in 1669 he was appointed as a land surveyor by the court of		court of what		court of what
antonie van leeuwenhoek		early life and career		what was his early life like		antonie van leeuwenhoek was born in delft , dutch republic , on		on what		24 october 1632 .		what was his career choice		he opened a draper 's shop , which he ran throughout the 1650s .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		his status in delft had grown throughout the years . in 1660 he received a lucrative job		wha was the lucrative job		as chamberlain for the assembly chamber of the delft sheriffs in the city hall , a position which he would hold		he would hold what ?		hold for almost 40 years . in 1669 he was appointed as a land surveyor by the court of		court of what		court of holland ; at some time he combined it with another municipal job , being the official "		being the official what		being the official what
antonie van leeuwenhoek		early life and career		what was his early life like		antonie van leeuwenhoek was born in delft , dutch republic , on		on what		24 october 1632 .		what was his career choice		he opened a draper 's shop , which he ran throughout the 1650s .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		his status in delft had grown throughout the years . in 1660 he received a lucrative job		wha was the lucrative job		as chamberlain for the assembly chamber of the delft sheriffs in the city hall , a position which he would hold		he would hold what ?		hold for almost 40 years . in 1669 he was appointed as a land surveyor by the court of		court of what		court of holland ; at some time he combined it with another municipal job , being the official "		being the official what		the official " wine - gauger " of delft and in charge of the city wine imports and taxation .		anything else stood out in this article		in addition to been the official " wine - gauger " of delft anything else stood out in this article
michelle phillips		1965 - 69 : the mamas & the papas		what happened in 1965 ?		what happened with michelle phillips in 1965 ?
michelle phillips		1965 - 69 : the mamas & the papas		what happened in 1965 ?		there , phillips was a founding member of the mamas & the papas , helping to form the vocal group in 1965 .		who was in it ?		who was in the mamas & the papas ?
michelle phillips		1965 - 69 : the mamas & the papas		what happened in 1965 ?		there , phillips was a founding member of the mamas & the papas , helping to form the vocal group in 1965 .		who was in it ?		cass , john , michelle , dennie ,		what was their first project together ?		what was the mamas & the papas first project together ?
michelle phillips		1965 - 69 : the mamas & the papas		what happened in 1965 ?		there , phillips was a founding member of the mamas & the papas , helping to form the vocal group in 1965 .		who was in it ?		cass , john , michelle , dennie ,		what was their first project together ?		doherty and john phillips had reconciled and ostensibly written i saw her again ( 1966 ) about the episode ,		what was that about ?		what was i saw her again about ?
michelle phillips		1965 - 69 : the mamas & the papas		what happened in 1965 ?		there , phillips was a founding member of the mamas & the papas , helping to form the vocal group in 1965 .		who was in it ?		cass , john , michelle , dennie ,		what was their first project together ?		doherty and john phillips had reconciled and ostensibly written i saw her again ( 1966 ) about the episode ,		what was that about ?		an affair the previous year between phillips and bandmate denny doherty had been forgiven ;		how was that received ?		how was i saw her again received ?
michelle phillips		1965 - 69 : the mamas & the papas		what happened in 1965 ?		there , phillips was a founding member of the mamas & the papas , helping to form the vocal group in 1965 .		who was in it ?		cass , john , michelle , dennie ,		what was their first project together ?		doherty and john phillips had reconciled and ostensibly written i saw her again ( 1966 ) about the episode ,		what was that about ?		an affair the previous year between phillips and bandmate denny doherty had been forgiven ;		how was that received ?		i do n't know .		why did they do that ?		why did doherty and phillips fire michelle ?
william s. burroughs		harvard university		what year did burroughs attend harvard ?		what year did burroughs attend harvard university ?
william s. burroughs		harvard university		what year did burroughs attend harvard ?		burroughs graduated from harvard in 1936 .		what did burroughs study at harvard ?		what did burroughs study at harvard university ?
william s. burroughs		harvard university		what year did burroughs attend harvard ?		burroughs graduated from harvard in 1936 .		what did burroughs study at harvard ?		left home to pursue an arts degree at harvard university ,		what is significant about his time at harvard university ?		what is significant about burroughs ' time at harvard university ?
william s. burroughs		harvard university		what year did burroughs attend harvard ?		burroughs graduated from harvard in 1936 .		what did burroughs study at harvard ?		left home to pursue an arts degree at harvard university ,		what is significant about his time at harvard university ?		while at harvard , burroughs made trips to new york city and was introduced to the gay subculture there .		is there anything information about burroughs during this period ?		besides burroughs art degree , are there any other interesting parts to the article ?
ben shapiro		california state university , los angeles		when did he start college ?		when did shapiro start college ?
ben shapiro		california state university , los angeles		when did he start college ?		i do n't know .		why was he giving a speech there ?		why was shapiro giving a speech there ?
ben shapiro		california state university , los angeles		when did he start college ?		i do n't know .		why was he giving a speech there ?		entitled " when diversity becomes a problem " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides giving a speech at california state university are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
ben shapiro		california state university , los angeles		when did he start college ?		i do n't know .		why was he giving a speech there ?		entitled " when diversity becomes a problem " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		student protesters demanded that the speech be cancelled , labeling it as " hate speech " .		why was it considered hate speech ?		why was the speech considered hate speech ?
ben shapiro		california state university , los angeles		when did he start college ?		i do n't know .		why was he giving a speech there ?		entitled " when diversity becomes a problem " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		student protesters demanded that the speech be cancelled , labeling it as " hate speech " .		why was it considered hate speech ?		concepts of microaggressions and safe spaces were being used to suppress free speech in the name of diversity of skin color ,		what was the response after the speech ?		what was the response after the speech ?
ben shapiro		california state university , los angeles		when did he start college ?		i do n't know .		why was he giving a speech there ?		entitled " when diversity becomes a problem " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		student protesters demanded that the speech be cancelled , labeling it as " hate speech " .		why was it considered hate speech ?		concepts of microaggressions and safe spaces were being used to suppress free speech in the name of diversity of skin color ,		what was the response after the speech ?		hundreds of student protesters formed human chains to block the doors to the theater where the event was to be held ,		how did he get inside ?		how did shapiro get inside ?
ben shapiro		california state university , los angeles		when did he start college ?		i do n't know .		why was he giving a speech there ?		entitled " when diversity becomes a problem " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		student protesters demanded that the speech be cancelled , labeling it as " hate speech " .		why was it considered hate speech ?		concepts of microaggressions and safe spaces were being used to suppress free speech in the name of diversity of skin color ,		what was the response after the speech ?		hundreds of student protesters formed human chains to block the doors to the theater where the event was to be held ,		how did he get inside ?		shapiro eventually made it into the theater and began his speech , only for a fire alarm to be pulled by one of the protesters ;		did they evacuate the building ?		did protesters evacuate the building ?
ben shapiro		california state university , los angeles		when did he start college ?		i do n't know .		why was he giving a speech there ?		entitled " when diversity becomes a problem " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		student protesters demanded that the speech be cancelled , labeling it as " hate speech " .		why was it considered hate speech ?		concepts of microaggressions and safe spaces were being used to suppress free speech in the name of diversity of skin color ,		what was the response after the speech ?		hundreds of student protesters formed human chains to block the doors to the theater where the event was to be held ,		how did he get inside ?		shapiro eventually made it into the theater and began his speech , only for a fire alarm to be pulled by one of the protesters ;		did they evacuate the building ?		shapiro continued speaking regardless , calling covino " cowardly " and referring to the protesters as " spoiled brat snowflakes " and " fascists " .		what happened next ?		what happened next ?
ben shapiro		california state university , los angeles		when did he start college ?		i do n't know .		why was he giving a speech there ?		entitled " when diversity becomes a problem " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		student protesters demanded that the speech be cancelled , labeling it as " hate speech " .		why was it considered hate speech ?		concepts of microaggressions and safe spaces were being used to suppress free speech in the name of diversity of skin color ,		what was the response after the speech ?		hundreds of student protesters formed human chains to block the doors to the theater where the event was to be held ,		how did he get inside ?		shapiro eventually made it into the theater and began his speech , only for a fire alarm to be pulled by one of the protesters ;		did they evacuate the building ?		shapiro continued speaking regardless , calling covino " cowardly " and referring to the protesters as " spoiled brat snowflakes " and " fascists " .		what happened next ?		after the speech ended , shapiro had to be escorted out a secret exit by police and his own bodyguards ,		what did the protesters do ?		what did the protesters do ?
ben shapiro		california state university , los angeles		when did he start college ?		i do n't know .		why was he giving a speech there ?		entitled " when diversity becomes a problem " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		student protesters demanded that the speech be cancelled , labeling it as " hate speech " .		why was it considered hate speech ?		concepts of microaggressions and safe spaces were being used to suppress free speech in the name of diversity of skin color ,		what was the response after the speech ?		hundreds of student protesters formed human chains to block the doors to the theater where the event was to be held ,		how did he get inside ?		shapiro eventually made it into the theater and began his speech , only for a fire alarm to be pulled by one of the protesters ;		did they evacuate the building ?		shapiro continued speaking regardless , calling covino " cowardly " and referring to the protesters as " spoiled brat snowflakes " and " fascists " .		what happened next ?		after the speech ended , shapiro had to be escorted out a secret exit by police and his own bodyguards ,		what did the protesters do ?		those inside the theater were told that they could not leave since the protesters were preventing anyone from leaving .		how did the people get out ?		how did protesters get out ?
al costello		kangaroos once more		who were the kangaroos ?		who were the kangaroos ?
al costello		kangaroos once more		who were the kangaroos ?		heffernan debuted as " the fabulous kangaroos " on 3 may 1957		what did al costello have to do with them ?		what did al costello have to do with the the fabulous kangaroos ?
al costello		kangaroos once more		who were the kangaroos ?		heffernan debuted as " the fabulous kangaroos " on 3 may 1957		what did al costello have to do with them ?		costello and heffernan debuted as		how did they perform ?		how did the fabulous kangaroos perform in their debut ?
al costello		kangaroos once more		who were the kangaroos ?		heffernan debuted as " the fabulous kangaroos " on 3 may 1957		what did al costello have to do with them ?		costello and heffernan debuted as		how did they perform ?		only weeks after that first match , the kangaroos were working with the top tag teams in the promotion .		how did things unfold after the promotion ?		how did things unfold for the fabulous kangaroos during their first promotion ?
al costello		kangaroos once more		who were the kangaroos ?		heffernan debuted as " the fabulous kangaroos " on 3 may 1957		what did al costello have to do with them ?		costello and heffernan debuted as		how did they perform ?		only weeks after that first match , the kangaroos were working with the top tag teams in the promotion .		how did things unfold after the promotion ?		after working in stampede for a while , the fabulous kangaroos started to travel across the united states ,		what else did they do during this time ?		aside from working in stampede and traveling the us , what else did the fabulous kangaroos do during the late 1950s ?
al costello		kangaroos once more		who were the kangaroos ?		heffernan debuted as " the fabulous kangaroos " on 3 may 1957		what did al costello have to do with them ?		costello and heffernan debuted as		how did they perform ?		only weeks after that first match , the kangaroos were working with the top tag teams in the promotion .		how did things unfold after the promotion ?		after working in stampede for a while , the fabulous kangaroos started to travel across the united states ,		what else did they do during this time ?		they worked for such companies as capitol wrestling corporation ( the future world wrestling entertainment ) , championship wrestling from florida ,		were these successful ventures ?		were capitol wrestling corporation ( the future world wrestling entertainment ) and championship wrestling successful ventures ?
kate millett		sexual politics		when did sh become involved in politics ?		when did kate millett become involved in politics ?
kate millett		sexual politics		when did sh become involved in politics ?		sexual politics originated as millett 's phd dissertation and was published in 1970 , the same year that she was awarded her doctorate from columbia university .		how else was she involved with politics ?		how else was kate millett involved with politics together with her phd dissertation at sexual politics ?
kate millett		sexual politics		when did sh become involved in politics ?		sexual politics originated as millett 's phd dissertation and was published in 1970 , the same year that she was awarded her doctorate from columbia university .		how else was she involved with politics ?		the bestselling book , a critique of patriarchy in western society and literature , addressed the sexism and heterosexism of the modern novelists d. h. lawrence ,		did she win any awards for her book ?		did kate millett win any awards for her bestselling book , sexual politics ?
kate millett		sexual politics		when did sh become involved in politics ?		sexual politics originated as millett 's phd dissertation and was published in 1970 , the same year that she was awarded her doctorate from columbia university .		how else was she involved with politics ?		the bestselling book , a critique of patriarchy in western society and literature , addressed the sexism and heterosexism of the modern novelists d. h. lawrence ,		did she win any awards for her book ?		in its first year on the market , the book sold 80,000 copies and went through seven printings and is considered to be the movement 's manifesto .		did she write any other books ?		did kate millett write any other books besides her bestselling book , sexual politics ?
kate millett		sexual politics		when did sh become involved in politics ?		sexual politics originated as millett 's phd dissertation and was published in 1970 , the same year that she was awarded her doctorate from columbia university .		how else was she involved with politics ?		the bestselling book , a critique of patriarchy in western society and literature , addressed the sexism and heterosexism of the modern novelists d. h. lawrence ,		did she win any awards for her book ?		in its first year on the market , the book sold 80,000 copies and went through seven printings and is considered to be the movement 's manifesto .		did she write any other books ?		i do n't know .		did she have any other accomplishments ?		did kate millett have any other accomplishments besides the phd and the bestselling book sexual politics ?
kate millett		sexual politics		when did sh become involved in politics ?		sexual politics originated as millett 's phd dissertation and was published in 1970 , the same year that she was awarded her doctorate from columbia university .		how else was she involved with politics ?		the bestselling book , a critique of patriarchy in western society and literature , addressed the sexism and heterosexism of the modern novelists d. h. lawrence ,		did she win any awards for her book ?		in its first year on the market , the book sold 80,000 copies and went through seven printings and is considered to be the movement 's manifesto .		did she write any other books ?		i do n't know .		did she have any other accomplishments ?		millett was featured in a time magazine cover story , " the politics of sex " , which called sexual politics a " remarkable book "		was she featured in any other magazines ?		was kate millett featured in any other magazines other than time magazine ?
kate millett		sexual politics		when did sh become involved in politics ?		sexual politics originated as millett 's phd dissertation and was published in 1970 , the same year that she was awarded her doctorate from columbia university .		how else was she involved with politics ?		the bestselling book , a critique of patriarchy in western society and literature , addressed the sexism and heterosexism of the modern novelists d. h. lawrence ,		did she win any awards for her book ?		in its first year on the market , the book sold 80,000 copies and went through seven printings and is considered to be the movement 's manifesto .		did she write any other books ?		i do n't know .		did she have any other accomplishments ?		millett was featured in a time magazine cover story , " the politics of sex " , which called sexual politics a " remarkable book "		was she featured in any other magazines ?		i do n't know .		did she ever do any tv interviews ?		did kate millett ever do any tv interviews ?
kate millett		sexual politics		when did sh become involved in politics ?		sexual politics originated as millett 's phd dissertation and was published in 1970 , the same year that she was awarded her doctorate from columbia university .		how else was she involved with politics ?		the bestselling book , a critique of patriarchy in western society and literature , addressed the sexism and heterosexism of the modern novelists d. h. lawrence ,		did she win any awards for her book ?		in its first year on the market , the book sold 80,000 copies and went through seven printings and is considered to be the movement 's manifesto .		did she write any other books ?		i do n't know .		did she have any other accomplishments ?		millett was featured in a time magazine cover story , " the politics of sex " , which called sexual politics a " remarkable book "		was she featured in any other magazines ?		i do n't know .		did she ever do any tv interviews ?		i do n't know .		was she concerned a feminist ?		was kate millett concerned a feminist ?
life on mars ( song )		origins		where did the song originate ?		where did the song life on mars originate ?
life on mars ( song )		origins		where did the song originate ?		in 1968 , bowie wrote the lyrics " even a fool learns to love " , set to the music of a 1967 french song " comme d'habitude " ,		what happened next ?		what happened after bowie wrote the lyrics " even a fool learns to love " ?
life on mars ( song )		origins		where did the song originate ?		in 1968 , bowie wrote the lyrics " even a fool learns to love " , set to the music of a 1967 french song " comme d'habitude " ,		what happened next ?		but paul anka bought the rights to the original french version and rewrote it into " my way " ,		when was " my way " released ?		when was " my way " released ?
life on mars ( song )		origins		where did the song originate ?		in 1968 , bowie wrote the lyrics " even a fool learns to love " , set to the music of a 1967 french song " comme d'habitude " ,		what happened next ?		but paul anka bought the rights to the original french version and rewrote it into " my way " ,		when was " my way " released ?		the song made famous by frank sinatra in a 1969 recording on his album of the same name .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article , other than when " my way " was released ?
constantin stere		siberia		did stere live in siberia ?		did constantin stere live in siberia ?
constantin stere		siberia		did stere live in siberia ?		turinsk ,		what did he have to do with siberia ?		what did constantin stere have to do with siberia ?
constantin stere		siberia		did stere live in siberia ?		turinsk ,		what did he have to do with siberia ?		in 1885 , he was deported to siberia , serving a three - year term .		what did he do to get sent to siberia ?		what did constantin stere do to get sent to siberia ?
constantin stere		siberia		did stere live in siberia ?		turinsk ,		what did he have to do with siberia ?		in 1885 , he was deported to siberia , serving a three - year term .		what did he do to get sent to siberia ?		i do n't know .		why was he deported to siberia ?		why was constantin stere deported to siberia ?
constantin stere		siberia		did stere live in siberia ?		turinsk ,		what did he have to do with siberia ?		in 1885 , he was deported to siberia , serving a three - year term .		what did he do to get sent to siberia ?		i do n't know .		why was he deported to siberia ?		i do n't know .		what did he do in siberia ?		what did constantin stere do in siberia ?
constantin stere		siberia		did stere live in siberia ?		turinsk ,		what did he have to do with siberia ?		in 1885 , he was deported to siberia , serving a three - year term .		what did he do to get sent to siberia ?		i do n't know .		why was he deported to siberia ?		i do n't know .		what did he do in siberia ?		the steres joined a group of revolutionaries in internal exile ;		what else can you tell me about he article ?		besides constantin stere living in turinsk , deported to siberia , and joining a group of revolutionaries in internal exile , what else can you tell me about constantin stere in this article ?
constantin stere		siberia		did stere live in siberia ?		turinsk ,		what did he have to do with siberia ?		in 1885 , he was deported to siberia , serving a three - year term .		what did he do to get sent to siberia ?		i do n't know .		why was he deported to siberia ?		i do n't know .		what did he do in siberia ?		the steres joined a group of revolutionaries in internal exile ;		what else can you tell me about he article ?		physician who examined him noted that he had suffered a nervous breakdown , and had him moved to a prison hospital .		why did he have a nervous breakdown ?		why did constantin stere have a nervous breakdown ?
constantin stere		biography		when was constantin stere born ?		when was constantin stere born ?
constantin stere		biography		when was constantin stere born ?		he was born in horodiste , soroca county , to a family of boyar origins from ciripcau , bessarabia --		when was stere born ?		when was constantin born ?
constantin stere		biography		when was constantin stere born ?		he was born in horodiste , soroca county , to a family of boyar origins from ciripcau , bessarabia --		when was stere born ?		i do n't know .		what was significant about stere 's life ?		what was significant about constantin stere 's life ?
constantin stere		biography		when was constantin stere born ?		he was born in horodiste , soroca county , to a family of boyar origins from ciripcau , bessarabia --		when was stere born ?		i do n't know .		what was significant about stere 's life ?		he was first arrested in late 1883 ,		why was he arrested ?		why wasconstantin stere arrested in 1883 ?
constantin stere		biography		when was constantin stere born ?		he was born in horodiste , soroca county , to a family of boyar origins from ciripcau , bessarabia --		when was stere born ?		i do n't know .		what was significant about stere 's life ?		he was first arrested in late 1883 ,		why was he arrested ?		after okhrana units decapitated the bessarabian wing of the narodnaya volya .		did stere have a wife ?		did constantin stere have a wife ?
constantin stere		biography		when was constantin stere born ?		he was born in horodiste , soroca county , to a family of boyar origins from ciripcau , bessarabia --		when was stere born ?		i do n't know .		what was significant about stere 's life ?		he was first arrested in late 1883 ,		why was he arrested ?		after okhrana units decapitated the bessarabian wing of the narodnaya volya .		did stere have a wife ?		maria grosu ,		did he have any children ?		did constantin stere have any children ?
constantin stere		biography		when was constantin stere born ?		he was born in horodiste , soroca county , to a family of boyar origins from ciripcau , bessarabia --		when was stere born ?		i do n't know .		what was significant about stere 's life ?		he was first arrested in late 1883 ,		why was he arrested ?		after okhrana units decapitated the bessarabian wing of the narodnaya volya .		did stere have a wife ?		maria grosu ,		did he have any children ?		i do n't know .		how long was stere married ?		how long was constantin stere married ?
constantin stere		biography		when was constantin stere born ?		he was born in horodiste , soroca county , to a family of boyar origins from ciripcau , bessarabia --		when was stere born ?		i do n't know .		what was significant about stere 's life ?		he was first arrested in late 1883 ,		why was he arrested ?		after okhrana units decapitated the bessarabian wing of the narodnaya volya .		did stere have a wife ?		maria grosu ,		did he have any children ?		i do n't know .		how long was stere married ?		i do n't know .		what role did maria play in stere 's life ?		what role did maria grosu play in constantin stere 's life ?
jeanine pirro		1986 lieutenant gubernatorial candidacy		where did she run for lieutenant governor ?		where did jeanine pirro run for lieutenant governor ?
jeanine pirro		1986 lieutenant gubernatorial candidacy		where did she run for lieutenant governor ?		in 1975 , carl vergari appointed pirro to the position of assistant district attorney of westchester county , where she began her career by writing appeals		what did she do next ?		what did jeanine pirro do after running for lieutenant governor ?
jeanine pirro		1986 lieutenant gubernatorial candidacy		where did she run for lieutenant governor ?		in 1975 , carl vergari appointed pirro to the position of assistant district attorney of westchester county , where she began her career by writing appeals		what did she do next ?		many people praised pirro for her passion as domestic violence bureau chief , but she attracted increasing criticism from colleagues due her		what was the criticism for ?		what was jeanine pirro criticized for as domestic violence bureau chief ?
jeanine pirro		1986 lieutenant gubernatorial candidacy		where did she run for lieutenant governor ?		in 1975 , carl vergari appointed pirro to the position of assistant district attorney of westchester county , where she began her career by writing appeals		what did she do next ?		many people praised pirro for her passion as domestic violence bureau chief , but she attracted increasing criticism from colleagues due her		what was the criticism for ?		her attention - grabbing behavior and violations of tradition . on multiple occasions , chief district attorney vergari spoke to pirro concerning her violation of office policy .		when did she start to campaign ?		when did jeanine pirro start to campaign for the lieutenant governor role ?
jeanine pirro		1986 lieutenant gubernatorial candidacy		where did she run for lieutenant governor ?		in 1975 , carl vergari appointed pirro to the position of assistant district attorney of westchester county , where she began her career by writing appeals		what did she do next ?		many people praised pirro for her passion as domestic violence bureau chief , but she attracted increasing criticism from colleagues due her		what was the criticism for ?		her attention - grabbing behavior and violations of tradition . on multiple occasions , chief district attorney vergari spoke to pirro concerning her violation of office policy .		when did she start to campaign ?		in november 1993 , pirro was elected westchester county district attorney ; she was the first woman to hold that position .		how long did she hold that office ?		how long did jeanine pirro hold office as westchester county district attorney ?
jeanine pirro		1986 lieutenant gubernatorial candidacy		where did she run for lieutenant governor ?		in 1975 , carl vergari appointed pirro to the position of assistant district attorney of westchester county , where she began her career by writing appeals		what did she do next ?		many people praised pirro for her passion as domestic violence bureau chief , but she attracted increasing criticism from colleagues due her		what was the criticism for ?		her attention - grabbing behavior and violations of tradition . on multiple occasions , chief district attorney vergari spoke to pirro concerning her violation of office policy .		when did she start to campaign ?		in november 1993 , pirro was elected westchester county district attorney ; she was the first woman to hold that position .		how long did she hold that office ?		she was re - elected in 1997 and 2001 . on may 23 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would not seek re - election to a fourth term as westchester county district attorney .		why did she not seek re - election ?		why did lieutenant governor jeanine pirro not seek re - election ?
jeanine pirro		1986 lieutenant gubernatorial candidacy		where did she run for lieutenant governor ?		in 1975 , carl vergari appointed pirro to the position of assistant district attorney of westchester county , where she began her career by writing appeals		what did she do next ?		many people praised pirro for her passion as domestic violence bureau chief , but she attracted increasing criticism from colleagues due her		what was the criticism for ?		her attention - grabbing behavior and violations of tradition . on multiple occasions , chief district attorney vergari spoke to pirro concerning her violation of office policy .		when did she start to campaign ?		in november 1993 , pirro was elected westchester county district attorney ; she was the first woman to hold that position .		how long did she hold that office ?		she was re - elected in 1997 and 2001 . on may 23 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would not seek re - election to a fourth term as westchester county district attorney .		why did she not seek re - election ?		i do n't know .		why did she do this ?		why did jeanine pirro resign from office ?
jeanine pirro		1986 lieutenant gubernatorial candidacy		where did she run for lieutenant governor ?		in 1975 , carl vergari appointed pirro to the position of assistant district attorney of westchester county , where she began her career by writing appeals		what did she do next ?		many people praised pirro for her passion as domestic violence bureau chief , but she attracted increasing criticism from colleagues due her		what was the criticism for ?		her attention - grabbing behavior and violations of tradition . on multiple occasions , chief district attorney vergari spoke to pirro concerning her violation of office policy .		when did she start to campaign ?		in november 1993 , pirro was elected westchester county district attorney ; she was the first woman to hold that position .		how long did she hold that office ?		she was re - elected in 1997 and 2001 . on may 23 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would not seek re - election to a fourth term as westchester county district attorney .		why did she not seek re - election ?		i do n't know .		why did she do this ?		the largest expenses were a new kitchenette and a media room , costing $ 20,000 , to assist pirro 's growing profile ;		what did it do for her profile ?		what did a new kitchenette and a media room do for jeanine pirro 's profile ?
jeanine pirro		1986 lieutenant gubernatorial candidacy		where did she run for lieutenant governor ?		in 1975 , carl vergari appointed pirro to the position of assistant district attorney of westchester county , where she began her career by writing appeals		what did she do next ?		many people praised pirro for her passion as domestic violence bureau chief , but she attracted increasing criticism from colleagues due her		what was the criticism for ?		her attention - grabbing behavior and violations of tradition . on multiple occasions , chief district attorney vergari spoke to pirro concerning her violation of office policy .		when did she start to campaign ?		in november 1993 , pirro was elected westchester county district attorney ; she was the first woman to hold that position .		how long did she hold that office ?		she was re - elected in 1997 and 2001 . on may 23 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would not seek re - election to a fourth term as westchester county district attorney .		why did she not seek re - election ?		i do n't know .		why did she do this ?		the largest expenses were a new kitchenette and a media room , costing $ 20,000 , to assist pirro 's growing profile ;		what did it do for her profile ?		i do n't know .		why did she refuse to reopen the case ?		why did jeanine pirro refuse to re - run for office ?
jeanine pirro		1986 lieutenant gubernatorial candidacy		where did she run for lieutenant governor ?		in 1975 , carl vergari appointed pirro to the position of assistant district attorney of westchester county , where she began her career by writing appeals		what did she do next ?		many people praised pirro for her passion as domestic violence bureau chief , but she attracted increasing criticism from colleagues due her		what was the criticism for ?		her attention - grabbing behavior and violations of tradition . on multiple occasions , chief district attorney vergari spoke to pirro concerning her violation of office policy .		when did she start to campaign ?		in november 1993 , pirro was elected westchester county district attorney ; she was the first woman to hold that position .		how long did she hold that office ?		she was re - elected in 1997 and 2001 . on may 23 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would not seek re - election to a fourth term as westchester county district attorney .		why did she not seek re - election ?		i do n't know .		why did she do this ?		the largest expenses were a new kitchenette and a media room , costing $ 20,000 , to assist pirro 's growing profile ;		what did it do for her profile ?		i do n't know .		why did she refuse to reopen the case ?		i do n't know .		when did she run for lieutenant governor ?		when did jeanine pirro run for lieutenant governor ?
jeanine pirro		1986 lieutenant gubernatorial candidacy		where did she run for lieutenant governor ?		in 1975 , carl vergari appointed pirro to the position of assistant district attorney of westchester county , where she began her career by writing appeals		what did she do next ?		many people praised pirro for her passion as domestic violence bureau chief , but she attracted increasing criticism from colleagues due her		what was the criticism for ?		her attention - grabbing behavior and violations of tradition . on multiple occasions , chief district attorney vergari spoke to pirro concerning her violation of office policy .		when did she start to campaign ?		in november 1993 , pirro was elected westchester county district attorney ; she was the first woman to hold that position .		how long did she hold that office ?		she was re - elected in 1997 and 2001 . on may 23 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would not seek re - election to a fourth term as westchester county district attorney .		why did she not seek re - election ?		i do n't know .		why did she do this ?		the largest expenses were a new kitchenette and a media room , costing $ 20,000 , to assist pirro 's growing profile ;		what did it do for her profile ?		i do n't know .		why did she refuse to reopen the case ?		i do n't know .		when did she run for lieutenant governor ?		on may 28 , just one day prior to the scheduled vote for the lieutenant gubernatorial nomination at the state party convention in syracuse , pirro announced her withdrawal		why did she withdraw ?		why didjeanine pirro withdraw from political office ?
tim and eric awesome show , great job !		production		what happened with their production ?		what happened with the tim and eric awesome show , great job ! production ?
tim and eric awesome show , great job !		production		what happened with their production ?		halfway through the broadcasting of the first season , adult swim picked up tim and eric awesome show ,		around what year was that ?		around what year was tim and eric awesome show , great job ! picked up by adult swim ?
tim and eric awesome show , great job !		production		what happened with their production ?		halfway through the broadcasting of the first season , adult swim picked up tim and eric awesome show ,		around what year was that ?		2007 .		how was the show received ?		how was tim and eric awesome show , great job ! received ?
tim and eric awesome show , great job !		production		what happened with their production ?		halfway through the broadcasting of the first season , adult swim picked up tim and eric awesome show ,		around what year was that ?		2007 .		how was the show received ?		2008 , announcing that as a " holiday surprise " season four would be airing in january 2009 .		was it watched by many people ?		was tim and eric awesome show , great job ! watched by many people ?
gottfried wilhelm leibniz		theodicy and optimism		what were his ideas about ?		what were gottfried wilhelm 's ideas about ?
gottfried wilhelm leibniz		theodicy and optimism		what were his ideas about ?		the theodicy tries to justify the apparent imperfections of the world by claiming that it is optimal among all possible worlds .		was he spiritual or religious ?		was gottfried wilhelm spiritual or religious ?
gottfried wilhelm leibniz		theodicy and optimism		what were his ideas about ?		the theodicy tries to justify the apparent imperfections of the world by claiming that it is optimal among all possible worlds .		was he spiritual or religious ?		leibniz asserted that the truths of theology ( religion ) and philosophy can not contradict each other , since reason and faith are both " gifts of god "		did others agree with him ?		did others agree with gottfried wilhelm on the idea that the truth of religion and philosophy can not contradict with each other ?
gottfried wilhelm leibniz		theodicy and optimism		what were his ideas about ?		the theodicy tries to justify the apparent imperfections of the world by claiming that it is optimal among all possible worlds .		was he spiritual or religious ?		leibniz asserted that the truths of theology ( religion ) and philosophy can not contradict each other , since reason and faith are both " gifts of god "		did others agree with him ?		i do n't know .		was he optimistic because of his beliefs and that he saw a purpose in things such as religion and philosophy ?		was gottfried wilhelm optimistic because of his beliefs and that he saw a purpose in things such as religion and philosophy ?
gottfried wilhelm leibniz		theodicy and optimism		what were his ideas about ?		the theodicy tries to justify the apparent imperfections of the world by claiming that it is optimal among all possible worlds .		was he spiritual or religious ?		leibniz asserted that the truths of theology ( religion ) and philosophy can not contradict each other , since reason and faith are both " gifts of god "		did others agree with him ?		i do n't know .		was he optimistic because of his beliefs and that he saw a purpose in things such as religion and philosophy ?		if god is all good , all wise and all powerful , how did evil come into the world ? the answer ( according to leibniz ) is that , while god is indeed unlimited		what does he believe god caused evil ?		what does gottfried wilhelm believe god caused evil ?
gottfried wilhelm leibniz		theodicy and optimism		what were his ideas about ?		the theodicy tries to justify the apparent imperfections of the world by claiming that it is optimal among all possible worlds .		was he spiritual or religious ?		leibniz asserted that the truths of theology ( religion ) and philosophy can not contradict each other , since reason and faith are both " gifts of god "		did others agree with him ?		i do n't know .		was he optimistic because of his beliefs and that he saw a purpose in things such as religion and philosophy ?		if god is all good , all wise and all powerful , how did evil come into the world ? the answer ( according to leibniz ) is that , while god is indeed unlimited		what does he believe god caused evil ?		god does not arbitrarily inflict pain and suffering on humans ; rather he permits both moral evil ( sin ) and physical evil ( pain and suffering )		what do people get from the balance of this according to him ?		what do people get from the balance of both moral and physical evils according to gottfried wilhelm ?
gottfried wilhelm leibniz		theodicy and optimism		what were his ideas about ?		the theodicy tries to justify the apparent imperfections of the world by claiming that it is optimal among all possible worlds .		was he spiritual or religious ?		leibniz asserted that the truths of theology ( religion ) and philosophy can not contradict each other , since reason and faith are both " gifts of god "		did others agree with him ?		i do n't know .		was he optimistic because of his beliefs and that he saw a purpose in things such as religion and philosophy ?		if god is all good , all wise and all powerful , how did evil come into the world ? the answer ( according to leibniz ) is that , while god is indeed unlimited		what does he believe god caused evil ?		god does not arbitrarily inflict pain and suffering on humans ; rather he permits both moral evil ( sin ) and physical evil ( pain and suffering )		what do people get from the balance of this according to him ?		further , although human actions flow from prior causes that ultimately arise in god , and therefore are known as a metaphysical certainty to god ,		what did he think we gained from our actions already being known to god ?		what did gottfried wilhelm think we gained from our actions already being known to god ?
gottfried wilhelm leibniz		theodicy and optimism		what were his ideas about ?		the theodicy tries to justify the apparent imperfections of the world by claiming that it is optimal among all possible worlds .		was he spiritual or religious ?		leibniz asserted that the truths of theology ( religion ) and philosophy can not contradict each other , since reason and faith are both " gifts of god "		did others agree with him ?		i do n't know .		was he optimistic because of his beliefs and that he saw a purpose in things such as religion and philosophy ?		if god is all good , all wise and all powerful , how did evil come into the world ? the answer ( according to leibniz ) is that , while god is indeed unlimited		what does he believe god caused evil ?		god does not arbitrarily inflict pain and suffering on humans ; rather he permits both moral evil ( sin ) and physical evil ( pain and suffering )		what do people get from the balance of this according to him ?		further , although human actions flow from prior causes that ultimately arise in god , and therefore are known as a metaphysical certainty to god ,		what did he think we gained from our actions already being known to god ?		an individual 's free will is exercised within natural laws , where choices are merely contingently necessary , to be decided in the event by a " wonderful spontaneity "		what other views did he espouse ?		besides from the view that individual 's free will is exercised within natural laws , what other views did gottfried wilhelm espouse ?
jane addams		settlement house		what was the settlement house ?		what was the settlement house ?
jane addams		settlement house		what was the settlement house ?		a community of university men who live there , have their recreation clubs and society all among the poor people ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than been a community of university men who live there , have their recreation clubs and society all among the poor people , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
jane addams		settlement house		what was the settlement house ?		a community of university men who live there , have their recreation clubs and society all among the poor people ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		she began to be inspired by the idea of democracy as a social ideal .		what did she do with this inspiration ?		what did addams do with the idea of democracy as a social ideal ?
jane addams		settlement house		what was the settlement house ?		a community of university men who live there , have their recreation clubs and society all among the poor people ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		she began to be inspired by the idea of democracy as a social ideal .		what did she do with this inspiration ?		she told ellen gates starr . starr loved the idea and agreed to join addams in starting a settlement house .		how did the settlement house work out ?		how did the settlement house work out ?
jane addams		settlement house		what was the settlement house ?		a community of university men who live there , have their recreation clubs and society all among the poor people ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		she began to be inspired by the idea of democracy as a social ideal .		what did she do with this inspiration ?		she told ellen gates starr . starr loved the idea and agreed to join addams in starting a settlement house .		how did the settlement house work out ?		was a space within which unexpected cultural connections could be made and where the narrow boundaries of culture , class , and education could be expanded .		was the house a success ?		was the settlement house a success ?
jane addams		settlement house		what was the settlement house ?		a community of university men who live there , have their recreation clubs and society all among the poor people ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		she began to be inspired by the idea of democracy as a social ideal .		what did she do with this inspiration ?		she told ellen gates starr . starr loved the idea and agreed to join addams in starting a settlement house .		how did the settlement house work out ?		was a space within which unexpected cultural connections could be made and where the narrow boundaries of culture , class , and education could be expanded .		was the house a success ?		i do n't know .		what was her biggest accomplishment ?		what was addams 's biggest accomplishment ?
jane addams		settlement house		what was the settlement house ?		a community of university men who live there , have their recreation clubs and society all among the poor people ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		she began to be inspired by the idea of democracy as a social ideal .		what did she do with this inspiration ?		she told ellen gates starr . starr loved the idea and agreed to join addams in starting a settlement house .		how did the settlement house work out ?		was a space within which unexpected cultural connections could be made and where the narrow boundaries of culture , class , and education could be expanded .		was the house a success ?		i do n't know .		what was her biggest accomplishment ?		reinvigorate her own culture by reconnecting with diversity and conflict of the immigrant communities		what was her culture ?		what was addams 's culture ?
jane addams		settlement house		what was the settlement house ?		a community of university men who live there , have their recreation clubs and society all among the poor people ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		she began to be inspired by the idea of democracy as a social ideal .		what did she do with this inspiration ?		she told ellen gates starr . starr loved the idea and agreed to join addams in starting a settlement house .		how did the settlement house work out ?		was a space within which unexpected cultural connections could be made and where the narrow boundaries of culture , class , and education could be expanded .		was the house a success ?		i do n't know .		what was her biggest accomplishment ?		reinvigorate her own culture by reconnecting with diversity and conflict of the immigrant communities		what was her culture ?		she was baptized a christian		what was her biggest accomplishment ?		what was addams 's biggest accomplishment ?
jane addams		settlement house		what was the settlement house ?		a community of university men who live there , have their recreation clubs and society all among the poor people ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		she began to be inspired by the idea of democracy as a social ideal .		what did she do with this inspiration ?		she told ellen gates starr . starr loved the idea and agreed to join addams in starting a settlement house .		how did the settlement house work out ?		was a space within which unexpected cultural connections could be made and where the narrow boundaries of culture , class , and education could be expanded .		was the house a success ?		i do n't know .		what was her biggest accomplishment ?		reinvigorate her own culture by reconnecting with diversity and conflict of the immigrant communities		what was her culture ?		she was baptized a christian		what was her biggest accomplishment ?		starting a settlement house .		did she every marry ?		did addams every marry ?
rihanna		business endeavours		what 's one of her business endeavours ?		what 's one of rihanna 's business endeavours ?
rihanna		business endeavours		what 's one of her business endeavours ?		rihanna 's first fragrance , " reb'l fleur " , was released in january 2011 .		how does the fragrance sell ?		how does rihanna 's fragrance " reb'l fleur " sell ?
rihanna		business endeavours		what 's one of her business endeavours ?		rihanna 's first fragrance , " reb'l fleur " , was released in january 2011 .		how does the fragrance sell ?		reb'l fleur was a financial success and was expected to gross us$ 80 million at retail by the end of 2011 .		how did she get into selling fragrances ?		how did rihanna get into selling fragrances ?
rihanna		business endeavours		what 's one of her business endeavours ?		rihanna 's first fragrance , " reb'l fleur " , was released in january 2011 .		how does the fragrance sell ?		reb'l fleur was a financial success and was expected to gross us$ 80 million at retail by the end of 2011 .		how did she get into selling fragrances ?		i do n't know .		what 's another business endeavour ?		other than " reb'l fleur , " what 's another business endeavour of rihanna 's ?
rihanna		business endeavours		what 's one of her business endeavours ?		rihanna 's first fragrance , " reb'l fleur " , was released in january 2011 .		how does the fragrance sell ?		reb'l fleur was a financial success and was expected to gross us$ 80 million at retail by the end of 2011 .		how did she get into selling fragrances ?		i do n't know .		what 's another business endeavour ?		on 30 march 2015 , it was announced that rihanna is a co - owner , with various other music artists , in the music streaming service tidal .		what other music artists is she on tidal with ?		what other music artists is rihanna on tidal with ?
rihanna		business endeavours		what 's one of her business endeavours ?		rihanna 's first fragrance , " reb'l fleur " , was released in january 2011 .		how does the fragrance sell ?		reb'l fleur was a financial success and was expected to gross us$ 80 million at retail by the end of 2011 .		how did she get into selling fragrances ?		i do n't know .		what 's another business endeavour ?		on 30 march 2015 , it was announced that rihanna is a co - owner , with various other music artists , in the music streaming service tidal .		what other music artists is she on tidal with ?		including beyonce and jay z , sixteen artist stakeholders ( such as kanye west , beyonce , madonna , chris martin , nicki minaj and more )		is tidal successful ?		is tidal successful ?
rihanna		business endeavours		what 's one of her business endeavours ?		rihanna 's first fragrance , " reb'l fleur " , was released in january 2011 .		how does the fragrance sell ?		reb'l fleur was a financial success and was expected to gross us$ 80 million at retail by the end of 2011 .		how did she get into selling fragrances ?		i do n't know .		what 's another business endeavour ?		on 30 march 2015 , it was announced that rihanna is a co - owner , with various other music artists , in the music streaming service tidal .		what other music artists is she on tidal with ?		including beyonce and jay z , sixteen artist stakeholders ( such as kanye west , beyonce , madonna , chris martin , nicki minaj and more )		is tidal successful ?		i do n't know .		what other business endeavours has she done ?		other than tidal and " reb'l fleur , " what other business endeavours has rihanna done ?
rihanna		business endeavours		what 's one of her business endeavours ?		rihanna 's first fragrance , " reb'l fleur " , was released in january 2011 .		how does the fragrance sell ?		reb'l fleur was a financial success and was expected to gross us$ 80 million at retail by the end of 2011 .		how did she get into selling fragrances ?		i do n't know .		what 's another business endeavour ?		on 30 march 2015 , it was announced that rihanna is a co - owner , with various other music artists , in the music streaming service tidal .		what other music artists is she on tidal with ?		including beyonce and jay z , sixteen artist stakeholders ( such as kanye west , beyonce , madonna , chris martin , nicki minaj and more )		is tidal successful ?		i do n't know .		what other business endeavours has she done ?		in november 2015 , rihanna and benoit demouy launched a beauty and stylist agency named fr8me .		where is fr8me located ?		where is fr8me located ?
rihanna		business endeavours		what 's one of her business endeavours ?		rihanna 's first fragrance , " reb'l fleur " , was released in january 2011 .		how does the fragrance sell ?		reb'l fleur was a financial success and was expected to gross us$ 80 million at retail by the end of 2011 .		how did she get into selling fragrances ?		i do n't know .		what 's another business endeavour ?		on 30 march 2015 , it was announced that rihanna is a co - owner , with various other music artists , in the music streaming service tidal .		what other music artists is she on tidal with ?		including beyonce and jay z , sixteen artist stakeholders ( such as kanye west , beyonce , madonna , chris martin , nicki minaj and more )		is tidal successful ?		i do n't know .		what other business endeavours has she done ?		in november 2015 , rihanna and benoit demouy launched a beauty and stylist agency named fr8me .		where is fr8me located ?		based in los angeles		is there anything else interesting about her business endeavors ?		other than " reb'l fleur , " tidal and fr8me , is there anything else interesting about rihanna 's business endeavors ?
rihanna		business endeavours		what 's one of her business endeavours ?		rihanna 's first fragrance , " reb'l fleur " , was released in january 2011 .		how does the fragrance sell ?		reb'l fleur was a financial success and was expected to gross us$ 80 million at retail by the end of 2011 .		how did she get into selling fragrances ?		i do n't know .		what 's another business endeavour ?		on 30 march 2015 , it was announced that rihanna is a co - owner , with various other music artists , in the music streaming service tidal .		what other music artists is she on tidal with ?		including beyonce and jay z , sixteen artist stakeholders ( such as kanye west , beyonce , madonna , chris martin , nicki minaj and more )		is tidal successful ?		i do n't know .		what other business endeavours has she done ?		in november 2015 , rihanna and benoit demouy launched a beauty and stylist agency named fr8me .		where is fr8me located ?		based in los angeles		is there anything else interesting about her business endeavors ?		in 2017 , rihanna launched cosmetic company fenty beauty under lvmh 's kendo brands . the partnership was worth $ 10 million		where are the cosmetics sold ?		where are fenty beauty cosmetics sold ?
rihanna		business endeavours		what 's one of her business endeavours ?		rihanna 's first fragrance , " reb'l fleur " , was released in january 2011 .		how does the fragrance sell ?		reb'l fleur was a financial success and was expected to gross us$ 80 million at retail by the end of 2011 .		how did she get into selling fragrances ?		i do n't know .		what 's another business endeavour ?		on 30 march 2015 , it was announced that rihanna is a co - owner , with various other music artists , in the music streaming service tidal .		what other music artists is she on tidal with ?		including beyonce and jay z , sixteen artist stakeholders ( such as kanye west , beyonce , madonna , chris martin , nicki minaj and more )		is tidal successful ?		i do n't know .		what other business endeavours has she done ?		in november 2015 , rihanna and benoit demouy launched a beauty and stylist agency named fr8me .		where is fr8me located ?		based in los angeles		is there anything else interesting about her business endeavors ?		in 2017 , rihanna launched cosmetic company fenty beauty under lvmh 's kendo brands . the partnership was worth $ 10 million		where are the cosmetics sold ?		in stores and online , available in over 150 countries .		where did she come up with the name ?		where did rihanna come up with the name fenty beauty ?
the birthday massacre		violet ( 2004 - 06 )		what happened in 2004 ?		what happened with the birthday massacre in 2004 ?
the birthday massacre		violet ( 2004 - 06 )		what happened in 2004 ?		in the fall of 2004 , kai schmidt , former member of electronic group funker vogt , signed the band to his label in germany .		what was the label ?		what was the label the birthday massacre signed with ?
the birthday massacre		violet ( 2004 - 06 )		what happened in 2004 ?		in the fall of 2004 , kai schmidt , former member of electronic group funker vogt , signed the band to his label in germany .		what was the label ?		kai schmidt , former member of electronic group funker vogt , signed the band to his label in germany .		what is violet ?		what is violet ?
the birthday massacre		violet ( 2004 - 06 )		what happened in 2004 ?		in the fall of 2004 , kai schmidt , former member of electronic group funker vogt , signed the band to his label in germany .		what was the label ?		kai schmidt , former member of electronic group funker vogt , signed the band to his label in germany .		what is violet ?		on july 20 , 2004 , the birthday massacre again independently released an ep , violet ,		did it do well ?		did violet do well ?
the birthday massacre		violet ( 2004 - 06 )		what happened in 2004 ?		in the fall of 2004 , kai schmidt , former member of electronic group funker vogt , signed the band to his label in germany .		what was the label ?		kai schmidt , former member of electronic group funker vogt , signed the band to his label in germany .		what is violet ?		on july 20 , 2004 , the birthday massacre again independently released an ep , violet ,		did it do well ?		i do n't know .		how many did it sell ?		how many eps did the birthday massacre sell ?
tom ritchey		project rwanda		what does rwanda mean		what does the name rwanda mean ?
tom ritchey		project rwanda		what does rwanda mean		rwanda is called , land of a thousand hills		how did this name come about		how did the name rwanda come about ?
tom ritchey		project rwanda		what does rwanda mean		rwanda is called , land of a thousand hills		how did this name come about		i do n't know .		and what was this		what was project rwanda ?
tom ritchey		project rwanda		what does rwanda mean		rwanda is called , land of a thousand hills		how did this name come about		i do n't know .		and what was this		on september 16 , 2006 , ritchey sponsored the first annual rwandan wooden bike classic , held in karongi stadium .		did this do well		did project rwanda do well ?
charles bradlaugh		activism and journalism		what political topics was he interested in ?		what political topics was charles bradlaugh interested in ?
charles bradlaugh		activism and journalism		what political topics was he interested in ?		advocating birth control ,		why did he become an activist ?		what made charles bradlaugh an activist ?
charles bradlaugh		activism and journalism		what political topics was he interested in ?		advocating birth control ,		why did he become an activist ?		he was a convinced freethinker and in his free time he became a pamphleteer and writer about " secularist " ideas ,		what years was he writing about his ideas ?		in which all years did charles bradlaugh write about his ideas ?
charles bradlaugh		activism and journalism		what political topics was he interested in ?		advocating birth control ,		why did he become an activist ?		he was a convinced freethinker and in his free time he became a pamphleteer and writer about " secularist " ideas ,		what years was he writing about his ideas ?		in 1860 he became editor of the secularist newspaper , the national reformer , and in 1866 co - founded the national secular society ,		did he write all the articles himself or were there other writers also ?		along with charles bradlaugh was there someone else who helped to write the article ?
charles bradlaugh		activism and journalism		what political topics was he interested in ?		advocating birth control ,		why did he become an activist ?		he was a convinced freethinker and in his free time he became a pamphleteer and writer about " secularist " ideas ,		what years was he writing about his ideas ?		in 1860 he became editor of the secularist newspaper , the national reformer , and in 1866 co - founded the national secular society ,		did he write all the articles himself or were there other writers also ?		bradlaugh and besant decided to republish the american charles knowlton 's pamphlet advocating birth control ,		did he get in trouble with the authorities ?		did charles bradlaugh & besant get in trouble with the authorities ?
charles bradlaugh		activism and journalism		what political topics was he interested in ?		advocating birth control ,		why did he become an activist ?		he was a convinced freethinker and in his free time he became a pamphleteer and writer about " secularist " ideas ,		what years was he writing about his ideas ?		in 1860 he became editor of the secularist newspaper , the national reformer , and in 1866 co - founded the national secular society ,		did he write all the articles himself or were there other writers also ?		bradlaugh and besant decided to republish the american charles knowlton 's pamphlet advocating birth control ,		did he get in trouble with the authorities ?		the two activists were both tried in 1877 ,		were they found guilty ?		were charles bradlaugh & besant found guilty ?
charles bradlaugh		activism and journalism		what political topics was he interested in ?		advocating birth control ,		why did he become an activist ?		he was a convinced freethinker and in his free time he became a pamphleteer and writer about " secularist " ideas ,		what years was he writing about his ideas ?		in 1860 he became editor of the secularist newspaper , the national reformer , and in 1866 co - founded the national secular society ,		did he write all the articles himself or were there other writers also ?		bradlaugh and besant decided to republish the american charles knowlton 's pamphlet advocating birth control ,		did he get in trouble with the authorities ?		the two activists were both tried in 1877 ,		were they found guilty ?		they were sentenced to heavy fines and six months ' imprisonment , but their conviction was overturned by the court of appeal		what is another topic besides birth control that he wrote about ?		what is the other topic besides birth control that charles bradlaugh write about ?
charles bradlaugh		activism and journalism		what political topics was he interested in ?		advocating birth control ,		why did he become an activist ?		he was a convinced freethinker and in his free time he became a pamphleteer and writer about " secularist " ideas ,		what years was he writing about his ideas ?		in 1860 he became editor of the secularist newspaper , the national reformer , and in 1866 co - founded the national secular society ,		did he write all the articles himself or were there other writers also ?		bradlaugh and besant decided to republish the american charles knowlton 's pamphlet advocating birth control ,		did he get in trouble with the authorities ?		the two activists were both tried in 1877 ,		were they found guilty ?		they were sentenced to heavy fines and six months ' imprisonment , but their conviction was overturned by the court of appeal		what is another topic besides birth control that he wrote about ?		the fruits of philosophy , or the private companion of young married people ,		were his ideas popular or unpopular with the public ?		was charle 's ideas popular or otherwise with the public ?
freddy adu		youth teams		what was one of the youth teams he played on ?		what was one of the youth teams freddy adu played on ?
freddy adu		youth teams		what was one of the youth teams he played on ?		adu captained the united states u-20 men 's national team in january 2007		was there another team he played on after that ?		was there another team freddy adu played on after the united states u-20 men 's national team ?
freddy adu		youth teams		what was one of the youth teams he played on ?		adu captained the united states u-20 men 's national team in january 2007		was there another team he played on after that ?		adu helped lead the u-23 men 's national team in its campaign to qualify for the 2008 summer olympics in beijing ,		what position did he play ?		what position did freddy adu play in the u-23 men 's national team ?
freddy adu		youth teams		what was one of the youth teams he played on ?		adu captained the united states u-20 men 's national team in january 2007		was there another team he played on after that ?		adu helped lead the u-23 men 's national team in its campaign to qualify for the 2008 summer olympics in beijing ,		what position did he play ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than the teams freddy adu was on , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
freddy adu		youth teams		what was one of the youth teams he played on ?		adu captained the united states u-20 men 's national team in january 2007		was there another team he played on after that ?		adu helped lead the u-23 men 's national team in its campaign to qualify for the 2008 summer olympics in beijing ,		what position did he play ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		adu scored a hat - trick in u.s. 's 6 - 1 victory over poland in the group stage of the tournament .		was there another team he played on ?		was there another team freddy adu played on , other than the u-23 men 's national team ?
william mckinley		inauguration and appointments		what happened at the inauguration ?		what happened at the presidential inauguration for mckinley ?
william mckinley		inauguration and appointments		what happened at the inauguration ?		mckinley was sworn in as president on march 4 , 1897 , as his wife and mother looked on .		did anything significant happen at the inauguration ?		did anything significant happen at former president mckinley 's inauguration ?
william mckinley		inauguration and appointments		what happened at the inauguration ?		mckinley was sworn in as president on march 4 , 1897 , as his wife and mother looked on .		did anything significant happen at the inauguration ?		the new president gave a lengthy inaugural address ;		was it well received ?		was mckinley 's presidential inauguration well received ?
william mckinley		inauguration and appointments		what happened at the inauguration ?		mckinley was sworn in as president on march 4 , 1897 , as his wife and mother looked on .		did anything significant happen at the inauguration ?		the new president gave a lengthy inaugural address ;		was it well received ?		i do n't know .		when was the inauguration ?		when was the presidential inauguration for mckinley ?
william mckinley		inauguration and appointments		what happened at the inauguration ?		mckinley was sworn in as president on march 4 , 1897 , as his wife and mother looked on .		did anything significant happen at the inauguration ?		the new president gave a lengthy inaugural address ;		was it well received ?		i do n't know .		when was the inauguration ?		march 4 , 1897 ,		what was the weather like ?		what was the weather like at the presidential inauguration for mckinley ?
carlos ortiz		lightweight world champion		who was the champion ?		who was the lightweight world champion before carlos ortiz ?
carlos ortiz		lightweight world champion		who was the champion ?		world champion joe brown		champion of what ?		what was carlos ortiz the world champion of ?
carlos ortiz		lightweight world champion		who was the champion ?		world champion joe brown		champion of what ?		a member of the international boxing hall of fame		what award did he win ?		what award did carlos ortiz win ?
carlos ortiz		lightweight world champion		who was the champion ?		world champion joe brown		champion of what ?		a member of the international boxing hall of fame		what award did he win ?		a knockout win in 14 rounds over another hall of famer , gabriel elorde , flash in the philippines followed ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any interesting facts about carlos ortiz other than his lightweight world championship ?
carlos ortiz		lightweight world champion		who was the champion ?		world champion joe brown		champion of what ?		a member of the international boxing hall of fame		what award did he win ?		a knockout win in 14 rounds over another hall of famer , gabriel elorde , flash in the philippines followed ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		ortiz retained his title by a 15-round decision in new york .		who was he fighting ?		who did carlos ortiz fight in new york when he retained his world championship by a 15-round decision ?
carlos ortiz		lightweight world champion		who was the champion ?		world champion joe brown		champion of what ?		a member of the international boxing hall of fame		what award did he win ?		a knockout win in 14 rounds over another hall of famer , gabriel elorde , flash in the philippines followed ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		ortiz retained his title by a 15-round decision in new york .		who was he fighting ?		ramos		who else had he fought ?		who else did carlos ortiz fight aside from gabriel elorde ?
carlos ortiz		lightweight world champion		who was the champion ?		world champion joe brown		champion of what ?		a member of the international boxing hall of fame		what award did he win ?		a knockout win in 14 rounds over another hall of famer , gabriel elorde , flash in the philippines followed ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		ortiz retained his title by a 15-round decision in new york .		who was he fighting ?		ramos		who else had he fought ?		nicolino locche in a ten - round non - title affair in argentina , and retain his title vs johnny bizarro ( ko in 12 in pittsburgh ) ,		did he win awards ?		did carlos ortiz win any awards ?
simon cowell		got talent		what year did he create got talent ?		what year did cowell create got talent ?
simon cowell		got talent		what year did he create got talent ?		britain 's got talent debuted on itv in june 2007 .		how long did this show air on tv ?		how long did got talent air on tv ?
simon cowell		got talent		what year did he create got talent ?		britain 's got talent debuted on itv in june 2007 .		how long did this show air on tv ?		i do n't know .		was that the end of the show in 2009		was the end of got talent in 2009 ?
simon cowell		got talent		what year did he create got talent ?		britain 's got talent debuted on itv in june 2007 .		how long did this show air on tv ?		i do n't know .		was that the end of the show in 2009		i do n't know .		what was noteable about his involvement with got talent ?		what was noteable about cowell 's involvement with got talent ?
simon cowell		got talent		what year did he create got talent ?		britain 's got talent debuted on itv in june 2007 .		how long did this show air on tv ?		i do n't know .		was that the end of the show in 2009		i do n't know .		what was noteable about his involvement with got talent ?		cowell is the executive producer of america 's got talent ,		who were judges on the show with him ?		who were judges on got talent with cowell ?
simon cowell		got talent		what year did he create got talent ?		britain 's got talent debuted on itv in june 2007 .		how long did this show air on tv ?		i do n't know .		was that the end of the show in 2009		i do n't know .		what was noteable about his involvement with got talent ?		cowell is the executive producer of america 's got talent ,		who were judges on the show with him ?		for some time he did not appear on the show due to the terms of his contract with fox .		what was in the contract that kept him from appearing ?		what was in the contract that kept cowell from appearing ?
simon cowell		got talent		what year did he create got talent ?		britain 's got talent debuted on itv in june 2007 .		how long did this show air on tv ?		i do n't know .		was that the end of the show in 2009		i do n't know .		what was noteable about his involvement with got talent ?		cowell is the executive producer of america 's got talent ,		who were judges on the show with him ?		for some time he did not appear on the show due to the terms of his contract with fox .		what was in the contract that kept him from appearing ?		i do n't know .		who produced got talent ?		who produced got talent ?
the clancy brothers		in the late 1980s and 1990s		what did the clancy brothers do in the late 1980s and 1990s ?		what did the clancy brothers do in the late 1980s and 1990s ?
the clancy brothers		in the late 1980s and 1990s		what did the clancy brothers do in the late 1980s and 1990s ?		in 1988 , the clancy brothers ( paddy , tom , and bobby ) with robbie o'connell recorded a poorly mixed live album at st. anselm college in goffstown , new hampshire ,		did they have another album during this time ?		did the clancy brothers have another album during the late 1980s and 1990s ?
the clancy brothers		in the late 1980s and 1990s		what did the clancy brothers do in the late 1980s and 1990s ?		in 1988 , the clancy brothers ( paddy , tom , and bobby ) with robbie o'connell recorded a poorly mixed live album at st. anselm college in goffstown , new hampshire ,		did they have another album during this time ?		released in late 1995 , older but no wiser introduced all newly recorded songs with the exception of " when the ship comes in " ,		was the album successful ?		was older but no wiser successful ?
the clancy brothers		in the late 1980s and 1990s		what did the clancy brothers do in the late 1980s and 1990s ?		in 1988 , the clancy brothers ( paddy , tom , and bobby ) with robbie o'connell recorded a poorly mixed live album at st. anselm college in goffstown , new hampshire ,		did they have another album during this time ?		released in late 1995 , older but no wiser introduced all newly recorded songs with the exception of " when the ship comes in " ,		was the album successful ?		i do n't know .		did any new members join during this time ?		did any new members join during the late 1995 ?
the clancy brothers		in the late 1980s and 1990s		what did the clancy brothers do in the late 1980s and 1990s ?		in 1988 , the clancy brothers ( paddy , tom , and bobby ) with robbie o'connell recorded a poorly mixed live album at st. anselm college in goffstown , new hampshire ,		did they have another album during this time ?		released in late 1995 , older but no wiser introduced all newly recorded songs with the exception of " when the ship comes in " ,		was the album successful ?		i do n't know .		did any new members join during this time ?		on the album older but no wiser and the concert video farewell to ireland , respectively , two sons of clancy brothers made their recording debuts .		who were his sons ?		who were clancy brothers ' sons ?
the clancy brothers		in the late 1980s and 1990s		what did the clancy brothers do in the late 1980s and 1990s ?		in 1988 , the clancy brothers ( paddy , tom , and bobby ) with robbie o'connell recorded a poorly mixed live album at st. anselm college in goffstown , new hampshire ,		did they have another album during this time ?		released in late 1995 , older but no wiser introduced all newly recorded songs with the exception of " when the ship comes in " ,		was the album successful ?		i do n't know .		did any new members join during this time ?		on the album older but no wiser and the concert video farewell to ireland , respectively , two sons of clancy brothers made their recording debuts .		who were his sons ?		donal clancy , liam 's youngest son , played backup on the studio album , while bobby 's son finbarr clancy performed with the group on the filmed farewell concert .		did they tour during this time ?		did the clancy brother 's tour during the late 1980s and 1990s ?
the clancy brothers		in the late 1980s and 1990s		what did the clancy brothers do in the late 1980s and 1990s ?		in 1988 , the clancy brothers ( paddy , tom , and bobby ) with robbie o'connell recorded a poorly mixed live album at st. anselm college in goffstown , new hampshire ,		did they have another album during this time ?		released in late 1995 , older but no wiser introduced all newly recorded songs with the exception of " when the ship comes in " ,		was the album successful ?		i do n't know .		did any new members join during this time ?		on the album older but no wiser and the concert video farewell to ireland , respectively , two sons of clancy brothers made their recording debuts .		who were his sons ?		donal clancy , liam 's youngest son , played backup on the studio album , while bobby 's son finbarr clancy performed with the group on the filmed farewell concert .		did they tour during this time ?		before splitting up , the clancy brothers and robbie o'connell gave a farewell tour of ireland and america in february and march 1996 .		did they have any notable break through during this time ?		did the clancy brothers have any notable break through during 1996 ?
the clancy brothers		in the late 1980s and 1990s		what did the clancy brothers do in the late 1980s and 1990s ?		in 1988 , the clancy brothers ( paddy , tom , and bobby ) with robbie o'connell recorded a poorly mixed live album at st. anselm college in goffstown , new hampshire ,		did they have another album during this time ?		released in late 1995 , older but no wiser introduced all newly recorded songs with the exception of " when the ship comes in " ,		was the album successful ?		i do n't know .		did any new members join during this time ?		on the album older but no wiser and the concert video farewell to ireland , respectively , two sons of clancy brothers made their recording debuts .		who were his sons ?		donal clancy , liam 's youngest son , played backup on the studio album , while bobby 's son finbarr clancy performed with the group on the filmed farewell concert .		did they tour during this time ?		before splitting up , the clancy brothers and robbie o'connell gave a farewell tour of ireland and america in february and march 1996 .		did they have any notable break through during this time ?		the irish festival cruises had led to financial disputes between paddy and liam .		did the band have any other significant songs , albums , or tours ?		in addition to the farewell tour of ireland and america and album older but no wiser , did the clancy brothers have any other significant songs , albums , or tours ?
the clancy brothers		robbie o'connell joins		when dd robbie o'connell join the group ?		when dd robbie o'connell join the group ?
the clancy brothers		robbie o'connell joins		when dd robbie o'connell join the group ?		1977 ,		why did they decide to add him ?		why did the clancy brothers decide to add o'connell ?
the clancy brothers		robbie o'connell joins		when dd robbie o'connell join the group ?		1977 ,		why did they decide to add him ?		they asked him to take on the role liam had vacated in the group .		why did liam leave ?		why did liam leave ?
the clancy brothers		robbie o'connell joins		when dd robbie o'connell join the group ?		1977 ,		why did they decide to add him ?		they asked him to take on the role liam had vacated in the group .		why did liam leave ?		i do n't know .		did they record an album with the new lineup ?		did the clancy brothers record an album with the new lineup ?
the clancy brothers		robbie o'connell joins		when dd robbie o'connell join the group ?		1977 ,		why did they decide to add him ?		they asked him to take on the role liam had vacated in the group .		why did liam leave ?		i do n't know .		did they record an album with the new lineup ?		robbie was a songwriter , composing several numbers the group sang regularly ,		did they tour with robbie o'connell ?		did the clancy brothers tour with robbie o'connell ?
the clancy brothers		robbie o'connell joins		when dd robbie o'connell join the group ?		1977 ,		why did they decide to add him ?		they asked him to take on the role liam had vacated in the group .		why did liam leave ?		i do n't know .		did they record an album with the new lineup ?		robbie was a songwriter , composing several numbers the group sang regularly ,		did they tour with robbie o'connell ?		in 1977 , the clancy brothers and robbie o'connell toured three months a year in march , august , and november .		where did they tour ?		where did the clancy brothers tour ?
the clancy brothers		robbie o'connell joins		when dd robbie o'connell join the group ?		1977 ,		why did they decide to add him ?		they asked him to take on the role liam had vacated in the group .		why did liam leave ?		i do n't know .		did they record an album with the new lineup ?		robbie was a songwriter , composing several numbers the group sang regularly ,		did they tour with robbie o'connell ?		in 1977 , the clancy brothers and robbie o'connell toured three months a year in march , august , and november .		where did they tour ?		i do n't know .		did they tour elsewhere ?		did the clancy brothers tour elsewhere ?
the clancy brothers		robbie o'connell joins		when dd robbie o'connell join the group ?		1977 ,		why did they decide to add him ?		they asked him to take on the role liam had vacated in the group .		why did liam leave ?		i do n't know .		did they record an album with the new lineup ?		robbie was a songwriter , composing several numbers the group sang regularly ,		did they tour with robbie o'connell ?		in 1977 , the clancy brothers and robbie o'connell toured three months a year in march , august , and november .		where did they tour ?		i do n't know .		did they tour elsewhere ?		i do n't know .		did the addition of o'connell change their sound or style ?		did the addition of o'connell change the clancy brothers sound or style ?
bruce dickinson		aviation and entrepreneurship		what was the aviation ?		what was the aviation for bruce dickinson ?
bruce dickinson		aviation and entrepreneurship		what was the aviation ?		dickinson branched into entrepreneurship when he launched cardiff aviation ltd on 1 may 2012 , an aircraft maintenance business		what was his biggest accomplishment ?		what was bruce dickinson 's biggest accomplishment ?
bruce dickinson		aviation and entrepreneurship		what was the aviation ?		dickinson branched into entrepreneurship when he launched cardiff aviation ltd on 1 may 2012 , an aircraft maintenance business		what was his biggest accomplishment ?		for the 2008 - 09 " somewhere back in time world tour " , he piloted iron maiden 's chartered boeing 757 , dubbed " ed force one " ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides that bruce dickinson piloted iron maiden 's chartered boeing 757 during their 2008 - 09 tour , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
bruce dickinson		aviation and entrepreneurship		what was the aviation ?		dickinson branched into entrepreneurship when he launched cardiff aviation ltd on 1 may 2012 , an aircraft maintenance business		what was his biggest accomplishment ?		for the 2008 - 09 " somewhere back in time world tour " , he piloted iron maiden 's chartered boeing 757 , dubbed " ed force one " ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 2014 , dickinson purchased a fokker dr . i triplane replica g - cdxr and joined the great war display team , which re - enacts first world war air battles		what were some of the battles re - enacted ?		what were some of the battles that bruce dickinson re - enacted with the great war display team ?
bruce dickinson		return : 1999-present		what does bruce currently do now ?		what does bruce dickinson currently do now ?
bruce dickinson		return : 1999-present		what does bruce currently do now ?		the band toured the album in 2016 , during which dickinson once again piloted the band 's private plane ,		what other significant things has bruce accomplished ?		besides piloting the bands private plane , what other significant things has bruce accomplished ?
bruce dickinson		return : 1999-present		what does bruce currently do now ?		the band toured the album in 2016 , during which dickinson once again piloted the band 's private plane ,		what other significant things has bruce accomplished ?		dickinson rejoined iron maiden in 1999 with janick gers remaining in the band ,		what did john do in 1999 ?		what did john do in 1999 ?
bruce dickinson		return : 1999-present		what does bruce currently do now ?		the band toured the album in 2016 , during which dickinson once again piloted the band 's private plane ,		what other significant things has bruce accomplished ?		dickinson rejoined iron maiden in 1999 with janick gers remaining in the band ,		what did john do in 1999 ?		rejoined iron maiden in 1999 with janick gers remaining in the band ,		what other aspects of the article did you find interesting ?		besides bruce being a pilot , what other aspects of the article did you find interesting ?
yelena isinbayeva		world and european champion		at which olympic event did yelena isinbayeva place the world record for pole vaulting ?		at which olympic event did yelena isinbayeva place the world record for pole vaulting ?
yelena isinbayeva		world and european champion		at which olympic event did yelena isinbayeva place the world record for pole vaulting ?		at an indoor meeting on 12 february in donetsk , ukraine ,		what is yelena 's pole vaulting distance record of all time ?		what is yelena 's pole vaulting distance record of all time ?
yelena isinbayeva		world and european champion		at which olympic event did yelena isinbayeva place the world record for pole vaulting ?		at an indoor meeting on 12 february in donetsk , ukraine ,		what is yelena 's pole vaulting distance record of all time ?		5.01 m		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides yelena isinbayena world record for pole vaulting , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
yelena isinbayeva		world and european champion		at which olympic event did yelena isinbayeva place the world record for pole vaulting ?		at an indoor meeting on 12 february in donetsk , ukraine ,		what is yelena 's pole vaulting distance record of all time ?		5.01 m		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		isinbayeva was crowned laureus world sports woman of the year for the 2006 season .		how many times was yelena an olympic gold medalist ?		how many times was yelena an olympic gold medalist ?
yelena isinbayeva		world and european champion		at which olympic event did yelena isinbayeva place the world record for pole vaulting ?		at an indoor meeting on 12 february in donetsk , ukraine ,		what is yelena 's pole vaulting distance record of all time ?		5.01 m		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		isinbayeva was crowned laureus world sports woman of the year for the 2006 season .		how many times was yelena an olympic gold medalist ?		i do n't know .		what year was yelena born ?		what year was yelena born ?
will forte		post - snl , macgruber and film roles ( 2011 - 2014 )		what is the relation between will forte and film roles		what is the relation between will forte and film roles
will forte		post - snl , macgruber and film roles ( 2011 - 2014 )		what is the relation between will forte and film roles		macgruber was shot on a tight schedule of 28 days in albuquerque , new mexico , during the summer of 2009 .		what was will forte role in the movie ?		what was will forte role in the movie 28 days ?
will forte		post - snl , macgruber and film roles ( 2011 - 2014 )		what is the relation between will forte and film roles		macgruber was shot on a tight schedule of 28 days in albuquerque , new mexico , during the summer of 2009 .		what was will forte role in the movie ?		the film was released in may 2010 and received mixed reviews .		did the film win any away ?		did the 2010 film 28 days win any awards ?
will forte		post - snl , macgruber and film roles ( 2011 - 2014 )		what is the relation between will forte and film roles		macgruber was shot on a tight schedule of 28 days in albuquerque , new mexico , during the summer of 2009 .		what was will forte role in the movie ?		the film was released in may 2010 and received mixed reviews .		did the film win any away ?		i do n't know .		which other film of will forte was mentioned ?		besides the movie 28 days , which other film of will forte was mentioned ?
will forte		post - snl , macgruber and film roles ( 2011 - 2014 )		what is the relation between will forte and film roles		macgruber was shot on a tight schedule of 28 days in albuquerque , new mexico , during the summer of 2009 .		what was will forte role in the movie ?		the film was released in may 2010 and received mixed reviews .		did the film win any away ?		i do n't know .		which other film of will forte was mentioned ?		had small supporting roles , such as rock of ages , that 's my boy and the watch ,		did he win any award or recognition ?		did will forte win any award or recognition for rock of ages , that 's my boy or the watch ?
will forte		post - snl , macgruber and film roles ( 2011 - 2014 )		what is the relation between will forte and film roles		macgruber was shot on a tight schedule of 28 days in albuquerque , new mexico , during the summer of 2009 .		what was will forte role in the movie ?		the film was released in may 2010 and received mixed reviews .		did the film win any away ?		i do n't know .		which other film of will forte was mentioned ?		had small supporting roles , such as rock of ages , that 's my boy and the watch ,		did he win any award or recognition ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article , other than the information about will forte ? ?
will forte		post - snl , macgruber and film roles ( 2011 - 2014 )		what is the relation between will forte and film roles		macgruber was shot on a tight schedule of 28 days in albuquerque , new mexico , during the summer of 2009 .		what was will forte role in the movie ?		the film was released in may 2010 and received mixed reviews .		did the film win any away ?		i do n't know .		which other film of will forte was mentioned ?		had small supporting roles , such as rock of ages , that 's my boy and the watch ,		did he win any award or recognition ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he assumed his shot at a film career was ruined , and he imagined that if acting did not work out , he would return to writing primarily .		was it mentioned that he returned to writing ?		was it mentioned , will forte returned to writing ?
will forte		post - snl , macgruber and film roles ( 2011 - 2014 )		what is the relation between will forte and film roles		macgruber was shot on a tight schedule of 28 days in albuquerque , new mexico , during the summer of 2009 .		what was will forte role in the movie ?		the film was released in may 2010 and received mixed reviews .		did the film win any away ?		i do n't know .		which other film of will forte was mentioned ?		had small supporting roles , such as rock of ages , that 's my boy and the watch ,		did he win any award or recognition ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he assumed his shot at a film career was ruined , and he imagined that if acting did not work out , he would return to writing primarily .		was it mentioned that he returned to writing ?		the only commercial successful film he worked on was grown ups 2 , where he made a cameo as a male cheerleader .		which of his writing was mentioned in the page ?		which of will forte 's writing was mentioned in the page ?
p.o.d.		the fundamental elements of southtown and satellite ( 1999 - 2002 )		what can you tell me about fundamental elements of southtown ?		what can you tell me about p.o.d. 's , the fundamental elements of southtown ?
p.o.d.		the fundamental elements of southtown and satellite ( 1999 - 2002 )		what can you tell me about fundamental elements of southtown ?		o.d. 's third studio album , 1999 's the fundamental elements of southtown , spawned the hits " southtown " and " rock the party ( off the hook ) " ,		was it controversial ?		was the fundamental elements of southtown controversial ?
p.o.d.		the fundamental elements of southtown and satellite ( 1999 - 2002 )		what can you tell me about fundamental elements of southtown ?		o.d. 's third studio album , 1999 's the fundamental elements of southtown , spawned the hits " southtown " and " rock the party ( off the hook ) " ,		was it controversial ?		i do n't know .		what was notable about it ?		what was notable about the fundamental elements of southtown ?
p.o.d.		the fundamental elements of southtown and satellite ( 1999 - 2002 )		what can you tell me about fundamental elements of southtown ?		o.d. 's third studio album , 1999 's the fundamental elements of southtown , spawned the hits " southtown " and " rock the party ( off the hook ) " ,		was it controversial ?		i do n't know .		what was notable about it ?		all three music videos endured heavy play on mtv2 and the songs were rock radio hits . the album went on to become riaa certified platinum .		what did they do next ?		what did p.o.d. do next ?
p.o.d.		the fundamental elements of southtown and satellite ( 1999 - 2002 )		what can you tell me about fundamental elements of southtown ?		o.d. 's third studio album , 1999 's the fundamental elements of southtown , spawned the hits " southtown " and " rock the party ( off the hook ) " ,		was it controversial ?		i do n't know .		what was notable about it ?		all three music videos endured heavy play on mtv2 and the songs were rock radio hits . the album went on to become riaa certified platinum .		what did they do next ?		on september 11 , 2001 p.o.d. released their fourth studio album , satellite . the		how did that album do ?		how did satellite do ?
p.o.d.		the fundamental elements of southtown and satellite ( 1999 - 2002 )		what can you tell me about fundamental elements of southtown ?		o.d. 's third studio album , 1999 's the fundamental elements of southtown , spawned the hits " southtown " and " rock the party ( off the hook ) " ,		was it controversial ?		i do n't know .		what was notable about it ?		all three music videos endured heavy play on mtv2 and the songs were rock radio hits . the album went on to become riaa certified platinum .		what did they do next ?		on september 11 , 2001 p.o.d. released their fourth studio album , satellite . the		how did that album do ?		the album 's first single , " alive " , went on to become one of mtv 's and mtv2 's top played videos of the year .		any other hit singles on it ?		besides " alive " , we 're there any other hit singles on satellite ?
p.o.d.		the fundamental elements of southtown and satellite ( 1999 - 2002 )		what can you tell me about fundamental elements of southtown ?		o.d. 's third studio album , 1999 's the fundamental elements of southtown , spawned the hits " southtown " and " rock the party ( off the hook ) " ,		was it controversial ?		i do n't know .		what was notable about it ?		all three music videos endured heavy play on mtv2 and the songs were rock radio hits . the album went on to become riaa certified platinum .		what did they do next ?		on september 11 , 2001 p.o.d. released their fourth studio album , satellite . the		how did that album do ?		the album 's first single , " alive " , went on to become one of mtv 's and mtv2 's top played videos of the year .		any other hit singles on it ?		also in 2002 , the band contributed the song " america " to santana 's album shaman .		what did they do next ?		in addition to contributing the song " america " , what did p.o.d. do next ?
p.o.d.		the fundamental elements of southtown and satellite ( 1999 - 2002 )		what can you tell me about fundamental elements of southtown ?		o.d. 's third studio album , 1999 's the fundamental elements of southtown , spawned the hits " southtown " and " rock the party ( off the hook ) " ,		was it controversial ?		i do n't know .		what was notable about it ?		all three music videos endured heavy play on mtv2 and the songs were rock radio hits . the album went on to become riaa certified platinum .		what did they do next ?		on september 11 , 2001 p.o.d. released their fourth studio album , satellite . the		how did that album do ?		the album 's first single , " alive " , went on to become one of mtv 's and mtv2 's top played videos of the year .		any other hit singles on it ?		also in 2002 , the band contributed the song " america " to santana 's album shaman .		what did they do next ?		the album 's second single , " youth of the nation " , was influenced in part by the school shootings at santana high school , columbine high school , and granite hills high school .		was it successful ?		was " youth of the nation " successful ?
p.o.d.		the fundamental elements of southtown and satellite ( 1999 - 2002 )		what can you tell me about fundamental elements of southtown ?		o.d. 's third studio album , 1999 's the fundamental elements of southtown , spawned the hits " southtown " and " rock the party ( off the hook ) " ,		was it controversial ?		i do n't know .		what was notable about it ?		all three music videos endured heavy play on mtv2 and the songs were rock radio hits . the album went on to become riaa certified platinum .		what did they do next ?		on september 11 , 2001 p.o.d. released their fourth studio album , satellite . the		how did that album do ?		the album 's first single , " alive " , went on to become one of mtv 's and mtv2 's top played videos of the year .		any other hit singles on it ?		also in 2002 , the band contributed the song " america " to santana 's album shaman .		what did they do next ?		the album 's second single , " youth of the nation " , was influenced in part by the school shootings at santana high school , columbine high school , and granite hills high school .		was it successful ?		it was grammy nominated for best hard rock performance in 2003 .		any other awards or recognition ?		aside from the 2003 grammy nomination , did p.o.d. get any other awards or recognition ?
p.o.d.		the fundamental elements of southtown and satellite ( 1999 - 2002 )		what can you tell me about fundamental elements of southtown ?		o.d. 's third studio album , 1999 's the fundamental elements of southtown , spawned the hits " southtown " and " rock the party ( off the hook ) " ,		was it controversial ?		i do n't know .		what was notable about it ?		all three music videos endured heavy play on mtv2 and the songs were rock radio hits . the album went on to become riaa certified platinum .		what did they do next ?		on september 11 , 2001 p.o.d. released their fourth studio album , satellite . the		how did that album do ?		the album 's first single , " alive " , went on to become one of mtv 's and mtv2 's top played videos of the year .		any other hit singles on it ?		also in 2002 , the band contributed the song " america " to santana 's album shaman .		what did they do next ?		the album 's second single , " youth of the nation " , was influenced in part by the school shootings at santana high school , columbine high school , and granite hills high school .		was it successful ?		it was grammy nominated for best hard rock performance in 2003 .		any other awards or recognition ?		album , " portrait , " was grammy nominated for best metal performance in 2003 . it was used in the comedy film here comes the boom , starring kevin james .		what did they do after that ?		what did p.o.d. do after portrait ?
al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi		life		at what age did he begin showing an interest in philosophical ideas ?		at what age did al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi begin showing an interest in philosophical ideas ?
al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi		life		at what age did he begin showing an interest in philosophical ideas ?		i do n't know .		who influenced his philosophy ?		who influenced al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi 's philosophy ?
al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi		life		at what age did he begin showing an interest in philosophical ideas ?		i do n't know .		who influenced his philosophy ?		i do n't know .		how did living in basra affect his life ?		how did living in basra affect al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi 's life ?
al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi		life		at what age did he begin showing an interest in philosophical ideas ?		i do n't know .		who influenced his philosophy ?		i do n't know .		how did living in basra affect his life ?		while in basra , he made a living as a language teacher . he was said to have lived a pious and simple life , performing the pilgrimage to mecca almost every year .		were his parents the same religion as him ?		were al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi 's parents the same religion as him ?
al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi		life		at what age did he begin showing an interest in philosophical ideas ?		i do n't know .		who influenced his philosophy ?		i do n't know .		how did living in basra affect his life ?		while in basra , he made a living as a language teacher . he was said to have lived a pious and simple life , performing the pilgrimage to mecca almost every year .		were his parents the same religion as him ?		it was said his parents were converts to islam , and that his father was the first to be named " ahmad " after the time of prophet muhammad .		how old was he when he began studying the prophet muhammad ?		how old was al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi when he began studying the prophet muhammad ?
al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi		life		at what age did he begin showing an interest in philosophical ideas ?		i do n't know .		who influenced his philosophy ?		i do n't know .		how did living in basra affect his life ?		while in basra , he made a living as a language teacher . he was said to have lived a pious and simple life , performing the pilgrimage to mecca almost every year .		were his parents the same religion as him ?		it was said his parents were converts to islam , and that his father was the first to be named " ahmad " after the time of prophet muhammad .		how old was he when he began studying the prophet muhammad ?		i do n't know .		did islam play a big part in his early education ?		did islam play a big part in al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi 's early education ?
groucho marx		mustache , eyebrows , and walk		why is marx known for this mustache ?		why is marx known for his mustache ?
groucho marx		mustache , eyebrows , and walk		why is marx known for this mustache ?		the absurdity of the greasepaint was never discussed on - screen ,		was there a way that he curled his mustache ?		was there a way that marx curled his mustache ?
groucho marx		mustache , eyebrows , and walk		why is marx known for this mustache ?		the absurdity of the greasepaint was never discussed on - screen ,		was there a way that he curled his mustache ?		i do n't know .		what about his eyebrows make them notable ?		what about marx 's eyebrows make the eyebrows notable ?
groucho marx		mustache , eyebrows , and walk		why is marx known for this mustache ?		the absurdity of the greasepaint was never discussed on - screen ,		was there a way that he curled his mustache ?		i do n't know .		what about his eyebrows make them notable ?		his natural hair eyebrows were too undertoned and did not match the rest of his face , so marx added the greasepaint to his eyebrows		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article besides marx 's mustache and eyebrows ?
groucho marx		mustache , eyebrows , and walk		why is marx known for this mustache ?		the absurdity of the greasepaint was never discussed on - screen ,		was there a way that he curled his mustache ?		i do n't know .		what about his eyebrows make them notable ?		his natural hair eyebrows were too undertoned and did not match the rest of his face , so marx added the greasepaint to his eyebrows		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the exaggerated walk , with one hand on the small of his back and his torso bent almost 90 degrees at the waist was a parody of a fad		did he suffer ill effects from the walk ?		did marx suffer ill effects from the walk ?
groucho marx		mustache , eyebrows , and walk		why is marx known for this mustache ?		the absurdity of the greasepaint was never discussed on - screen ,		was there a way that he curled his mustache ?		i do n't know .		what about his eyebrows make them notable ?		his natural hair eyebrows were too undertoned and did not match the rest of his face , so marx added the greasepaint to his eyebrows		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the exaggerated walk , with one hand on the small of his back and his torso bent almost 90 degrees at the waist was a parody of a fad		did he suffer ill effects from the walk ?		i do n't know .		when did he start using the greasepaint for his brows and mustache ?		when did marx start using the greasepaint for his brows and mustache ?
groucho marx		mustache , eyebrows , and walk		why is marx known for this mustache ?		the absurdity of the greasepaint was never discussed on - screen ,		was there a way that he curled his mustache ?		i do n't know .		what about his eyebrows make them notable ?		his natural hair eyebrows were too undertoned and did not match the rest of his face , so marx added the greasepaint to his eyebrows		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the exaggerated walk , with one hand on the small of his back and his torso bent almost 90 degrees at the waist was a parody of a fad		did he suffer ill effects from the walk ?		i do n't know .		when did he start using the greasepaint for his brows and mustache ?		the greasepaint mustache and eyebrows originated spontaneously prior to a vaudeville performance in the early 1920s		how does one use greasepaint ?		how does marx use greasepaint ?
kevin spacey		sexual misconduct allegations		when was kevin accused ?		when was kevin spacey accused of sexual misconduct ?
kevin spacey		sexual misconduct allegations		when was kevin accused ?		october 29 , 2017 ,		what was he accused of ?		what was kevin spacey accused of in relation to his sexual misconduct allegations ?
kevin spacey		sexual misconduct allegations		when was kevin accused ?		october 29 , 2017 ,		what was he accused of ?		actor anthony rapp alleged that spacey , apparently drunk , made a sexual advance toward him in 1986 ,		did anyone else accuse spacey of sexual misconduct ?		did anyone else accuse kevin spacey of sexual misconduct other than actor anthony rapp ?
kevin spacey		sexual misconduct allegations		when was kevin accused ?		october 29 , 2017 ,		what was he accused of ?		actor anthony rapp alleged that spacey , apparently drunk , made a sexual advance toward him in 1986 ,		did anyone else accuse spacey of sexual misconduct ?		fifteen others		what did spacey say in response ?		what did kevin spacey say in response to his sexual assault allegations ?
al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi		views		what were his views ?		what were al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi 's views ?
al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi		views		what were his views ?		al - farahidi 's eschewing of material wealth has been noted by a number of biographers .		how did he adopt his own views ? was he pious ?		how did al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi adopt his own views ? was he pious ?
al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi		views		what were his views ?		al - farahidi 's eschewing of material wealth has been noted by a number of biographers .		how did he adopt his own views ? was he pious ?		i do n't know .		what other views did he have ?		other than the avoidance of material wealth , what other views did al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi have ?
al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi		views		what were his views ?		al - farahidi 's eschewing of material wealth has been noted by a number of biographers .		how did he adopt his own views ? was he pious ?		i do n't know .		what other views did he have ?		he reasoned that a man 's intelligence peaked at the age of forty - the age when the islamic prophet muhammad began		what did muhammad do at 40 ?		what did the islamic prophet muhammad do at 40 ?
al - khalil ibn ahmad al - farahidi		views		what were his views ?		al - farahidi 's eschewing of material wealth has been noted by a number of biographers .		how did he adopt his own views ? was he pious ?		i do n't know .		what other views did he have ?		he reasoned that a man 's intelligence peaked at the age of forty - the age when the islamic prophet muhammad began		what did muhammad do at 40 ?		i do n't know .		his call to religion / philosophy ?		what was the islamic prophet muhammad 's call to religion / philosophy ?
the kinks		live performances		when did the kinks have their first live performance ?		when did the kinks have their first live performance ?
the kinks		live performances		when did the kinks have their first live performance ?		at a dance for their school , william grimshaw , in 1962 .		what did people think of their first performance ?		what did people think of the kinks ' first performance ?
the kinks		live performances		when did the kinks have their first live performance ?		at a dance for their school , william grimshaw , in 1962 .		what did people think of their first performance ?		i do n't know .		where did the kinks perform after their first performance ?		where did the kinks perform after their first performance ?
the kinks		live performances		when did the kinks have their first live performance ?		at a dance for their school , william grimshaw , in 1962 .		what did people think of their first performance ?		i do n't know .		where did the kinks perform after their first performance ?		the kinks made their first tour of australia and new zealand in january 1965		what projects did the kinks have after their first tour ?		what projects did the kinks have after their first tour ?
the kinks		live performances		when did the kinks have their first live performance ?		at a dance for their school , william grimshaw , in 1962 .		what did people think of their first performance ?		i do n't know .		where did the kinks perform after their first performance ?		the kinks made their first tour of australia and new zealand in january 1965		what projects did the kinks have after their first tour ?		they performed and toured relentlessly , headlining package tours throughout 1965		where else did the kinks tour ?		aside from australia and new zealand , where else did the kinks tour ?
the kinks		live performances		when did the kinks have their first live performance ?		at a dance for their school , william grimshaw , in 1962 .		what did people think of their first performance ?		i do n't know .		where did the kinks perform after their first performance ?		the kinks made their first tour of australia and new zealand in january 1965		what projects did the kinks have after their first tour ?		they performed and toured relentlessly , headlining package tours throughout 1965		where else did the kinks tour ?		the capitol theatre , cardiff , wales on 19 may.		was their tour successful ?		was the kinks ' tour in wales successful ?
the kinks		live performances		when did the kinks have their first live performance ?		at a dance for their school , william grimshaw , in 1962 .		what did people think of their first performance ?		i do n't know .		where did the kinks perform after their first performance ?		the kinks made their first tour of australia and new zealand in january 1965		what projects did the kinks have after their first tour ?		they performed and toured relentlessly , headlining package tours throughout 1965		where else did the kinks tour ?		the capitol theatre , cardiff , wales on 19 may.		was their tour successful ?		following their summer 1965 american tour , the american federation of musicians refused permits for the group to appear in concerts in the united states for the next four years ,		what did the kinks do after they were refused permits ?		what did the kinks do after they were refused permits to appear in concerts in the u.s ?
the kinks		live performances		when did the kinks have their first live performance ?		at a dance for their school , william grimshaw , in 1962 .		what did people think of their first performance ?		i do n't know .		where did the kinks perform after their first performance ?		the kinks made their first tour of australia and new zealand in january 1965		what projects did the kinks have after their first tour ?		they performed and toured relentlessly , headlining package tours throughout 1965		where else did the kinks tour ?		the capitol theatre , cardiff , wales on 19 may.		was their tour successful ?		following their summer 1965 american tour , the american federation of musicians refused permits for the group to appear in concerts in the united states for the next four years ,		what did the kinks do after they were refused permits ?		in april 1969 davies helped negotiate an end to the american federation of musician ban on the group ,		what was the result of the ban ending ?		what was the result of ending the ban on the kinks from appearing in concerts in the u.s ?
the kinks		theatrical incarnation ( 1973 - 1976 )		what year did theatrcal incarnation start ?		what year did theatrical incarnation of the kinks start ?
the kinks		theatrical incarnation ( 1973 - 1976 )		what year did theatrcal incarnation start ?		in 1973 , ray davies dived headlong into the theatrical style ,		what theatrical style did ray davies begin with ?		what theatrical style of the kinks did ray davies begin with in theatrical incarnation ?
the kinks		theatrical incarnation ( 1973 - 1976 )		what year did theatrcal incarnation start ?		in 1973 , ray davies dived headlong into the theatrical style ,		what theatrical style did ray davies begin with ?		a sprawling chronicle of social revolution , and a more ambitious outgrowth of the earlier village green preservation society ethos .		where there any projects ?		besides the chronicle of social revolution and the village green preservation society projects , where there any projects done by ray davies ?
the kinks		theatrical incarnation ( 1973 - 1976 )		what year did theatrcal incarnation start ?		in 1973 , ray davies dived headlong into the theatrical style ,		what theatrical style did ray davies begin with ?		a sprawling chronicle of social revolution , and a more ambitious outgrowth of the earlier village green preservation society ethos .		where there any projects ?		rock opera preservation , a		what was preservation about ?		what was ray davies ' project preservation about ?
the kinks		theatrical incarnation ( 1973 - 1976 )		what year did theatrcal incarnation start ?		in 1973 , ray davies dived headlong into the theatrical style ,		what theatrical style did ray davies begin with ?		a sprawling chronicle of social revolution , and a more ambitious outgrowth of the earlier village green preservation society ethos .		where there any projects ?		rock opera preservation , a		what was preservation about ?		a sprawling chronicle of social revolution , and		were there any problems during this time ?		were there any problems in the kinks during the theatrical incarnation ?
the kinks		theatrical incarnation ( 1973 - 1976 )		what year did theatrcal incarnation start ?		in 1973 , ray davies dived headlong into the theatrical style ,		what theatrical style did ray davies begin with ?		a sprawling chronicle of social revolution , and a more ambitious outgrowth of the earlier village green preservation society ethos .		where there any projects ?		rock opera preservation , a		what was preservation about ?		a sprawling chronicle of social revolution , and		were there any problems during this time ?		ray davies ' marital problems during this period began to affect the band adversely ,		how did it affect his work ?		how did ray davies ' marital problems affect the kink 's work of theatrical incarnation ?
the kinks		theatrical incarnation ( 1973 - 1976 )		what year did theatrcal incarnation start ?		in 1973 , ray davies dived headlong into the theatrical style ,		what theatrical style did ray davies begin with ?		a sprawling chronicle of social revolution , and a more ambitious outgrowth of the earlier village green preservation society ethos .		where there any projects ?		rock opera preservation , a		what was preservation about ?		a sprawling chronicle of social revolution , and		were there any problems during this time ?		ray davies ' marital problems during this period began to affect the band adversely ,		how did it affect his work ?		davies became depressed ;		did davies recover ?		did ray davies recover from depression experienced during the marital problems during the theatrical incarnation period ?
the kinks		theatrical incarnation ( 1973 - 1976 )		what year did theatrcal incarnation start ?		in 1973 , ray davies dived headlong into the theatrical style ,		what theatrical style did ray davies begin with ?		a sprawling chronicle of social revolution , and a more ambitious outgrowth of the earlier village green preservation society ethos .		where there any projects ?		rock opera preservation , a		what was preservation about ?		a sprawling chronicle of social revolution , and		were there any problems during this time ?		ray davies ' marital problems during this period began to affect the band adversely ,		how did it affect his work ?		davies became depressed ;		did davies recover ?		ray recovered from his illness as well as his depression , but		did this cause problems with the bands ' fame ?		did ray davies ' depression , experienced during the marital problems in the theatrical incarnation period , cause problems with the bands ' fame ?
wesley clark		early life and education		what did wesley clark do in his early life ?		what did wesley clark do in his early life ?
wesley clark		early life and education		what did wesley clark do in his early life ?		clark was born wesley kanne in chicago on december 23 , 1944 .		did he attend high school ?		did wesley clark attend high school ?
wesley clark		early life and education		what did wesley clark do in his early life ?		clark was born wesley kanne in chicago on december 23 , 1944 .		did he attend high school ?		he graduated from hall high school with a national merit scholarship .		did he go on to college ?		did wesley clark go on to college ?
wesley clark		early life and education		what did wesley clark do in his early life ?		clark was born wesley kanne in chicago on december 23 , 1944 .		did he attend high school ?		he graduated from hall high school with a national merit scholarship .		did he go on to college ?		west point after meeting a cadet with glasses who told clark ( who wore glasses as well ) that one did not need perfect vision		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides wesley clark 's early life , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
wesley clark		military career		when did he join the military ?		when did wesley clark join the military ?
wesley clark		military career		when did he join the military ?		clark 's military career began july 2 , 1962 , when he entered the united states military academy at west point , new york .		which branch did he join ?		which branch of the military did wesley clark join ?
wesley clark		military career		when did he join the military ?		clark 's military career began july 2 , 1962 , when he entered the united states military academy at west point , new york .		which branch did he join ?		the valedictorian is first to choose which career field of the army to serve in , and clark selected armor .		did he fight in any wars ?		did wesley clark fight in any wars while in the army ?
wesley clark		military career		when did he join the military ?		clark 's military career began july 2 , 1962 , when he entered the united states military academy at west point , new york .		which branch did he join ?		the valedictorian is first to choose which career field of the army to serve in , and clark selected armor .		did he fight in any wars ?		i do n't know .		was he known for anything ?		was wesley clark known for anything while in the army ?
wesley clark		military career		when did he join the military ?		clark 's military career began july 2 , 1962 , when he entered the united states military academy at west point , new york .		which branch did he join ?		the valedictorian is first to choose which career field of the army to serve in , and clark selected armor .		did he fight in any wars ?		i do n't know .		was he known for anything ?		a position held by the highest performer in class .		did he win any awards ?		did wesley clark win any awards in the army ?
vanessa williams		personal life		did vanessa williams grow up in a poverty stricken neighborhood or affluent one ?		did vanessa williams grow up in a poverty stricken neighborhood or affluent one ?
vanessa williams		personal life		did vanessa williams grow up in a poverty stricken neighborhood or affluent one ?		i do n't know .		what year did vanessa williams win the miss american pageant ?		what year did vanessa williams win the miss american pageant ?
vanessa williams		personal life		did vanessa williams grow up in a poverty stricken neighborhood or affluent one ?		i do n't know .		what year did vanessa williams win the miss american pageant ?		she married her first husband , ramon hervey ii , at st. francis xavier catholic church in 1987 just a few years after giving up her crown ,		how many christmas albums did vanessa williams release ?		how many christmas albums did vanessa williams release ?
vanessa williams		personal life		did vanessa williams grow up in a poverty stricken neighborhood or affluent one ?		i do n't know .		what year did vanessa williams win the miss american pageant ?		she married her first husband , ramon hervey ii , at st. francis xavier catholic church in 1987 just a few years after giving up her crown ,		how many christmas albums did vanessa williams release ?		i do n't know .		what is the name of vanessa williams second album ?		what is the name of vanessa williams second album ?
bbc radiophonic workshop		changes		what were some of the first changes made ?		what were some of the first changes made ?
bbc radiophonic workshop		changes		what were some of the first changes made ?		as the sixties drew to a close many of the techniques used by the workshop changed as more electronic music began to be produced by synthesisers .		did most like using synthesisers ?		did the old members like using synthesisers ?
bbc radiophonic workshop		changes		what were some of the first changes made ?		as the sixties drew to a close many of the techniques used by the workshop changed as more electronic music began to be produced by synthesisers .		did most like using synthesisers ?		many of the old members of the workshop were reluctant to use the new instruments , often because of the limitations and unreliable nature of many of the early synthesisers		did musicians begin to like snythesisers ?		did musicians begin to like snythesisers ?
bbc radiophonic workshop		changes		what were some of the first changes made ?		as the sixties drew to a close many of the techniques used by the workshop changed as more electronic music began to be produced by synthesisers .		did most like using synthesisers ?		many of the old members of the workshop were reluctant to use the new instruments , often because of the limitations and unreliable nature of many of the early synthesisers		did musicians begin to like snythesisers ?		in 1977 , workshop co - founder desmond briscoe retired from organisational duties with brian hodgson , returning after a five - year gap away from the workshop , taking over .		was the workshop in demand most of the time ?		was the workshop in demand most of the time ?
bbc radiophonic workshop		changes		what were some of the first changes made ?		as the sixties drew to a close many of the techniques used by the workshop changed as more electronic music began to be produced by synthesisers .		did most like using synthesisers ?		many of the old members of the workshop were reluctant to use the new instruments , often because of the limitations and unreliable nature of many of the early synthesisers		did musicians begin to like snythesisers ?		in 1977 , workshop co - founder desmond briscoe retired from organisational duties with brian hodgson , returning after a five - year gap away from the workshop , taking over .		was the workshop in demand most of the time ?		by this point the output of the workshop was vast with high demand for complete scores		did the workshop make a lot of programs and shows ?		did the workshop make a lot of programs and shows ?
bbc radiophonic workshop		changes		what were some of the first changes made ?		as the sixties drew to a close many of the techniques used by the workshop changed as more electronic music began to be produced by synthesisers .		did most like using synthesisers ?		many of the old members of the workshop were reluctant to use the new instruments , often because of the limitations and unreliable nature of many of the early synthesisers		did musicians begin to like snythesisers ?		in 1977 , workshop co - founder desmond briscoe retired from organisational duties with brian hodgson , returning after a five - year gap away from the workshop , taking over .		was the workshop in demand most of the time ?		by this point the output of the workshop was vast with high demand for complete scores		did the workshop make a lot of programs and shows ?		by the end of the decade the workshop was contributing to over 300 programmes a year from all departments of the bbc		did they produce any well known programming ?		did the workshop produce any well known programming ?
bbc radiophonic workshop		changes		what were some of the first changes made ?		as the sixties drew to a close many of the techniques used by the workshop changed as more electronic music began to be produced by synthesisers .		did most like using synthesisers ?		many of the old members of the workshop were reluctant to use the new instruments , often because of the limitations and unreliable nature of many of the early synthesisers		did musicians begin to like snythesisers ?		in 1977 , workshop co - founder desmond briscoe retired from organisational duties with brian hodgson , returning after a five - year gap away from the workshop , taking over .		was the workshop in demand most of the time ?		by this point the output of the workshop was vast with high demand for complete scores		did the workshop make a lot of programs and shows ?		by the end of the decade the workshop was contributing to over 300 programmes a year from all departments of the bbc		did they produce any well known programming ?		its contributions included material for programmes such as the body in question , blue peter and tomorrow 's world		what there other shows that were popular as well ?		other than the body in question , blue peter and tomorrow 's world what there other shows that were popular as well ?
bbc radiophonic workshop		changes		what were some of the first changes made ?		as the sixties drew to a close many of the techniques used by the workshop changed as more electronic music began to be produced by synthesisers .		did most like using synthesisers ?		many of the old members of the workshop were reluctant to use the new instruments , often because of the limitations and unreliable nature of many of the early synthesisers		did musicians begin to like snythesisers ?		in 1977 , workshop co - founder desmond briscoe retired from organisational duties with brian hodgson , returning after a five - year gap away from the workshop , taking over .		was the workshop in demand most of the time ?		by this point the output of the workshop was vast with high demand for complete scores		did the workshop make a lot of programs and shows ?		by the end of the decade the workshop was contributing to over 300 programmes a year from all departments of the bbc		did they produce any well known programming ?		its contributions included material for programmes such as the body in question , blue peter and tomorrow 's world		what there other shows that were popular as well ?		as well as sound effects for popular science fiction programmes blake 's 7 and the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy		is there anything else interesting ?		aside from sound effects for popular science fiction programmes , is there anything else interesting ?
bbc radiophonic workshop		changes		what were some of the first changes made ?		as the sixties drew to a close many of the techniques used by the workshop changed as more electronic music began to be produced by synthesisers .		did most like using synthesisers ?		many of the old members of the workshop were reluctant to use the new instruments , often because of the limitations and unreliable nature of many of the early synthesisers		did musicians begin to like snythesisers ?		in 1977 , workshop co - founder desmond briscoe retired from organisational duties with brian hodgson , returning after a five - year gap away from the workshop , taking over .		was the workshop in demand most of the time ?		by this point the output of the workshop was vast with high demand for complete scores		did the workshop make a lot of programs and shows ?		by the end of the decade the workshop was contributing to over 300 programmes a year from all departments of the bbc		did they produce any well known programming ?		its contributions included material for programmes such as the body in question , blue peter and tomorrow 's world		what there other shows that were popular as well ?		as well as sound effects for popular science fiction programmes blake 's 7 and the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy		is there anything else interesting ?		in 1977 , workshop co - founder desmond briscoe retired from organisational duties		did he stay retired ?		did desmond briscoe stay retired ?
bbc radiophonic workshop		changes		what were some of the first changes made ?		as the sixties drew to a close many of the techniques used by the workshop changed as more electronic music began to be produced by synthesisers .		did most like using synthesisers ?		many of the old members of the workshop were reluctant to use the new instruments , often because of the limitations and unreliable nature of many of the early synthesisers		did musicians begin to like snythesisers ?		in 1977 , workshop co - founder desmond briscoe retired from organisational duties with brian hodgson , returning after a five - year gap away from the workshop , taking over .		was the workshop in demand most of the time ?		by this point the output of the workshop was vast with high demand for complete scores		did the workshop make a lot of programs and shows ?		by the end of the decade the workshop was contributing to over 300 programmes a year from all departments of the bbc		did they produce any well known programming ?		its contributions included material for programmes such as the body in question , blue peter and tomorrow 's world		what there other shows that were popular as well ?		as well as sound effects for popular science fiction programmes blake 's 7 and the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy		is there anything else interesting ?		in 1977 , workshop co - founder desmond briscoe retired from organisational duties		did he stay retired ?		i do n't know .		what musicians were inspired by the new music ?		what musicians were inspired by the new music ?
sanctus real		fight the tide		what is fight the tide ?		what is fight the tide ?
sanctus real		fight the tide		what is fight the tide ?		their second album ; almost all of its tracks were written the previous month .		what were the tracks in this album ?		what were the tracks in the album fight the tide ?
sanctus real		fight the tide		what is fight the tide ?		their second album ; almost all of its tracks were written the previous month .		what were the tracks in this album ?		the lead single " everything about you "		how did the album perform on the charts ?		how did the album fight the tide perform on the charts ?
sanctus real		fight the tide		what is fight the tide ?		their second album ; almost all of its tracks were written the previous month .		what were the tracks in this album ?		the lead single " everything about you "		how did the album perform on the charts ?		i do n't know .		how did the song perform on the charts ?		how did the song everything about you perform on the charts ?
sanctus real		fight the tide		what is fight the tide ?		their second album ; almost all of its tracks were written the previous month .		what were the tracks in this album ?		the lead single " everything about you "		how did the album perform on the charts ?		i do n't know .		how did the song perform on the charts ?		it had stayed at number 1 on r&r 's christian rock chart for six consecutive weeks .		when was the album released ?		when was the album fight the tide released ?
sanctus real		fight the tide		what is fight the tide ?		their second album ; almost all of its tracks were written the previous month .		what were the tracks in this album ?		the lead single " everything about you "		how did the album perform on the charts ?		i do n't know .		how did the song perform on the charts ?		it had stayed at number 1 on r&r 's christian rock chart for six consecutive weeks .		when was the album released ?		february 2004 ,		what was their recording company ?		what was sanctus real 's recording company ?
sanctus real		fight the tide		what is fight the tide ?		their second album ; almost all of its tracks were written the previous month .		what were the tracks in this album ?		the lead single " everything about you "		how did the album perform on the charts ?		i do n't know .		how did the song perform on the charts ?		it had stayed at number 1 on r&r 's christian rock chart for six consecutive weeks .		when was the album released ?		february 2004 ,		what was their recording company ?		i do n't know .		did they go on tour ?		did sanctus real go on tour after releasing fight the tide ?
sanctus real		fight the tide		what is fight the tide ?		their second album ; almost all of its tracks were written the previous month .		what were the tracks in this album ?		the lead single " everything about you "		how did the album perform on the charts ?		i do n't know .		how did the song perform on the charts ?		it had stayed at number 1 on r&r 's christian rock chart for six consecutive weeks .		when was the album released ?		february 2004 ,		what was their recording company ?		i do n't know .		did they go on tour ?		sanctus real launched their first headlining tour , the fight the tide tour .		when did they go on tour ?		when did sanctus real go on fight the tide tour ?
sanctus real		fight the tide		what is fight the tide ?		their second album ; almost all of its tracks were written the previous month .		what were the tracks in this album ?		the lead single " everything about you "		how did the album perform on the charts ?		i do n't know .		how did the song perform on the charts ?		it had stayed at number 1 on r&r 's christian rock chart for six consecutive weeks .		when was the album released ?		february 2004 ,		what was their recording company ?		i do n't know .		did they go on tour ?		sanctus real launched their first headlining tour , the fight the tide tour .		when did they go on tour ?		in september 2004 ,		was the tour domestic or international ?		was the sanctus real 's fight the tide tour domestic or international ?
sanctus real		fight the tide		what is fight the tide ?		their second album ; almost all of its tracks were written the previous month .		what were the tracks in this album ?		the lead single " everything about you "		how did the album perform on the charts ?		i do n't know .		how did the song perform on the charts ?		it had stayed at number 1 on r&r 's christian rock chart for six consecutive weeks .		when was the album released ?		february 2004 ,		what was their recording company ?		i do n't know .		did they go on tour ?		sanctus real launched their first headlining tour , the fight the tide tour .		when did they go on tour ?		in september 2004 ,		was the tour domestic or international ?		the tour featured guest bands hawk nelson , seven places and ever stays red , and traveled through more than 25 cities .		did they have any other bands or singers that they toured with ?		did sanctus real have any other bands or singers other than hawk nelson , seven places and ever stays red that they toured with in fight the tide tour ?
sanctus real		fight the tide		what is fight the tide ?		their second album ; almost all of its tracks were written the previous month .		what were the tracks in this album ?		the lead single " everything about you "		how did the album perform on the charts ?		i do n't know .		how did the song perform on the charts ?		it had stayed at number 1 on r&r 's christian rock chart for six consecutive weeks .		when was the album released ?		february 2004 ,		what was their recording company ?		i do n't know .		did they go on tour ?		sanctus real launched their first headlining tour , the fight the tide tour .		when did they go on tour ?		in september 2004 ,		was the tour domestic or international ?		the tour featured guest bands hawk nelson , seven places and ever stays red , and traveled through more than 25 cities .		did they have any other bands or singers that they toured with ?		the tour featured guest bands hawk nelson , seven places and ever stays red ,		did they win any awards ?		did sanctus real win any awards after fight the tide tour ?
mae jemison		science and technology		what types of science and technology did mae use ?		what types of science and technology did mae use ?
mae jemison		science and technology		what types of science and technology did mae use ?		1999 , jemison founded biosentient corp and has been working to develop a portable device that allows mobile monitoring of the involuntary nervous system .		has the device been commercially implemented yet ?		has the portable device been commercially implemented yet ?
mae jemison		science and technology		what types of science and technology did mae use ?		1999 , jemison founded biosentient corp and has been working to develop a portable device that allows mobile monitoring of the involuntary nervous system .		has the device been commercially implemented yet ?		biosentient has obtained the license to commercialize nasa 's space - age technology known as autogenic feedback training exercise (		has biosentient worked to develop any other types of technology ?		has biosentient worked to develop any other types of technology other than autogenic feedback training exercise ?
mae jemison		science and technology		what types of science and technology did mae use ?		1999 , jemison founded biosentient corp and has been working to develop a portable device that allows mobile monitoring of the involuntary nervous system .		has the device been commercially implemented yet ?		biosentient has obtained the license to commercialize nasa 's space - age technology known as autogenic feedback training exercise (		has biosentient worked to develop any other types of technology ?		biosentient is examining afte as a treatment for anxiety , nausea , migraine and tension headaches , chronic pain , hypertension and hypotension , and stress - related disorders . "		has the company released anything recently ?		has biosentient released anything recently ?
mae jemison		science and technology		what types of science and technology did mae use ?		1999 , jemison founded biosentient corp and has been working to develop a portable device that allows mobile monitoring of the involuntary nervous system .		has the device been commercially implemented yet ?		biosentient has obtained the license to commercialize nasa 's space - age technology known as autogenic feedback training exercise (		has biosentient worked to develop any other types of technology ?		biosentient is examining afte as a treatment for anxiety , nausea , migraine and tension headaches , chronic pain , hypertension and hypotension , and stress - related disorders . "		has the company released anything recently ?		i do n't know .		who else did jemison work with at the company ?		who else did jemison work with at the company besides nasa ?
mae jemison		science and technology		what types of science and technology did mae use ?		1999 , jemison founded biosentient corp and has been working to develop a portable device that allows mobile monitoring of the involuntary nervous system .		has the device been commercially implemented yet ?		biosentient has obtained the license to commercialize nasa 's space - age technology known as autogenic feedback training exercise (		has biosentient worked to develop any other types of technology ?		biosentient is examining afte as a treatment for anxiety , nausea , migraine and tension headaches , chronic pain , hypertension and hypotension , and stress - related disorders . "		has the company released anything recently ?		i do n't know .		who else did jemison work with at the company ?		i do n't know .		what types of things did the center for excellence get involved with ?		what types of things did the center for excellence get involved with ?
mae jemison		science and technology		what types of science and technology did mae use ?		1999 , jemison founded biosentient corp and has been working to develop a portable device that allows mobile monitoring of the involuntary nervous system .		has the device been commercially implemented yet ?		biosentient has obtained the license to commercialize nasa 's space - age technology known as autogenic feedback training exercise (		has biosentient worked to develop any other types of technology ?		biosentient is examining afte as a treatment for anxiety , nausea , migraine and tension headaches , chronic pain , hypertension and hypotension , and stress - related disorders . "		has the company released anything recently ?		i do n't know .		who else did jemison work with at the company ?		i do n't know .		what types of things did the center for excellence get involved with ?		the new organization maintained the organizational name 100 year starship . jemison is the current principal of the 100 year starship .		did jemison do work with any other science and technology organizations ?		did jemison do work with any other science and technology organizations other than 100 year starship ?
mae jemison		science and technology		what types of science and technology did mae use ?		1999 , jemison founded biosentient corp and has been working to develop a portable device that allows mobile monitoring of the involuntary nervous system .		has the device been commercially implemented yet ?		biosentient has obtained the license to commercialize nasa 's space - age technology known as autogenic feedback training exercise (		has biosentient worked to develop any other types of technology ?		biosentient is examining afte as a treatment for anxiety , nausea , migraine and tension headaches , chronic pain , hypertension and hypotension , and stress - related disorders . "		has the company released anything recently ?		i do n't know .		who else did jemison work with at the company ?		i do n't know .		what types of things did the center for excellence get involved with ?		the new organization maintained the organizational name 100 year starship . jemison is the current principal of the 100 year starship .		did jemison do work with any other science and technology organizations ?		she has been a member of various scientific organizations , such as the american medical association , the american chemical society , the		what other organizations has she been a member of ?		what other organizations has jemison been a member of besides the american medical association and the american chemical society ?
mae jemison		science and technology		what types of science and technology did mae use ?		1999 , jemison founded biosentient corp and has been working to develop a portable device that allows mobile monitoring of the involuntary nervous system .		has the device been commercially implemented yet ?		biosentient has obtained the license to commercialize nasa 's space - age technology known as autogenic feedback training exercise (		has biosentient worked to develop any other types of technology ?		biosentient is examining afte as a treatment for anxiety , nausea , migraine and tension headaches , chronic pain , hypertension and hypotension , and stress - related disorders . "		has the company released anything recently ?		i do n't know .		who else did jemison work with at the company ?		i do n't know .		what types of things did the center for excellence get involved with ?		the new organization maintained the organizational name 100 year starship . jemison is the current principal of the 100 year starship .		did jemison do work with any other science and technology organizations ?		she has been a member of various scientific organizations , such as the american medical association , the american chemical society , the		what other organizations has she been a member of ?		the association for space explorers and the american association for the advancement of science .		was she the leader of any of these , or just a member ?		was jemison the leader of any of the association for space explorers or the american association for the advancement of science , or just a member ?
mae jemison		science and technology		what types of science and technology did mae use ?		1999 , jemison founded biosentient corp and has been working to develop a portable device that allows mobile monitoring of the involuntary nervous system .		has the device been commercially implemented yet ?		biosentient has obtained the license to commercialize nasa 's space - age technology known as autogenic feedback training exercise (		has biosentient worked to develop any other types of technology ?		biosentient is examining afte as a treatment for anxiety , nausea , migraine and tension headaches , chronic pain , hypertension and hypotension , and stress - related disorders . "		has the company released anything recently ?		i do n't know .		who else did jemison work with at the company ?		i do n't know .		what types of things did the center for excellence get involved with ?		the new organization maintained the organizational name 100 year starship . jemison is the current principal of the 100 year starship .		did jemison do work with any other science and technology organizations ?		she has been a member of various scientific organizations , such as the american medical association , the american chemical society , the		what other organizations has she been a member of ?		the association for space explorers and the american association for the advancement of science .		was she the leader of any of these , or just a member ?		additionally , she served on the board of directors of the world sickle cell foundation from 1990 to 1992 .		is there any other important information about her ?		is there any other important information about jemison other than serving on the board of directors of world sickle cell foundation ?
mae jemison		science and technology		what types of science and technology did mae use ?		1999 , jemison founded biosentient corp and has been working to develop a portable device that allows mobile monitoring of the involuntary nervous system .		has the device been commercially implemented yet ?		biosentient has obtained the license to commercialize nasa 's space - age technology known as autogenic feedback training exercise (		has biosentient worked to develop any other types of technology ?		biosentient is examining afte as a treatment for anxiety , nausea , migraine and tension headaches , chronic pain , hypertension and hypotension , and stress - related disorders . "		has the company released anything recently ?		i do n't know .		who else did jemison work with at the company ?		i do n't know .		what types of things did the center for excellence get involved with ?		the new organization maintained the organizational name 100 year starship . jemison is the current principal of the 100 year starship .		did jemison do work with any other science and technology organizations ?		she has been a member of various scientific organizations , such as the american medical association , the american chemical society , the		what other organizations has she been a member of ?		the association for space explorers and the american association for the advancement of science .		was she the leader of any of these , or just a member ?		additionally , she served on the board of directors of the world sickle cell foundation from 1990 to 1992 .		is there any other important information about her ?		one of the projects of jemison 's foundation is the earth we share ( tews ) , an international science camp where students , ages 12 to 16 , work to solve current global problems ,		where is that camp located ?		where is tews camp located ?
maroon 5		musical style and influences		who were their main influences ?		who were maroon 5 's main influences ?
maroon 5		musical style and influences		who were their main influences ?		elita 5 , michael jackson , the police , the bee gees , justin timberlake , stevie wonder , tonic , prince , tupac shakur and marvin gaye		how do they describe their musical style ?		how does maroon 5 describe their musical style ?
maroon 5		musical style and influences		who were their main influences ?		elita 5 , michael jackson , the police , the bee gees , justin timberlake , stevie wonder , tonic , prince , tupac shakur and marvin gaye		how do they describe their musical style ?		the band 's songs tend to be very guitar - heavy , often accompanied by piano or synthesizer .		has their musical style changed over the years ?		has maroon 5 's musical style changed over the years ?
maroon 5		musical style and influences		who were their main influences ?		elita 5 , michael jackson , the police , the bee gees , justin timberlake , stevie wonder , tonic , prince , tupac shakur and marvin gaye		how do they describe their musical style ?		the band 's songs tend to be very guitar - heavy , often accompanied by piano or synthesizer .		has their musical style changed over the years ?		the band 's style changes from album to album .		how else has their style been described ?		other than guitar - heavy accompanied by piano or synthesizer , how else has maroon 5 's style been described ?
maroon 5		musical style and influences		who were their main influences ?		elita 5 , michael jackson , the police , the bee gees , justin timberlake , stevie wonder , tonic , prince , tupac shakur and marvin gaye		how do they describe their musical style ?		the band 's songs tend to be very guitar - heavy , often accompanied by piano or synthesizer .		has their musical style changed over the years ?		the band 's style changes from album to album .		how else has their style been described ?		the songs are less personal and are more electric with more use of synthesizers , creating a retro feel .		have they had any criticisms of their style ?		has maroon 5 had any criticisms of their style ?
maroon 5		musical style and influences		who were their main influences ?		elita 5 , michael jackson , the police , the bee gees , justin timberlake , stevie wonder , tonic , prince , tupac shakur and marvin gaye		how do they describe their musical style ?		the band 's songs tend to be very guitar - heavy , often accompanied by piano or synthesizer .		has their musical style changed over the years ?		the band 's style changes from album to album .		how else has their style been described ?		the songs are less personal and are more electric with more use of synthesizers , creating a retro feel .		have they had any criticisms of their style ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than maroon 5 's musical style , is there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
maroon 5		musical style and influences		who were their main influences ?		elita 5 , michael jackson , the police , the bee gees , justin timberlake , stevie wonder , tonic , prince , tupac shakur and marvin gaye		how do they describe their musical style ?		the band 's songs tend to be very guitar - heavy , often accompanied by piano or synthesizer .		has their musical style changed over the years ?		the band 's style changes from album to album .		how else has their style been described ?		the songs are less personal and are more electric with more use of synthesizers , creating a retro feel .		have they had any criticisms of their style ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		james valentine called overexposed " our most ' pop ' record ever and we were n't shy about really going for it . "		did they collaborate with any other artists ?		besides james valentine , did maroon 5 collaborate with any other artists ?
maroon 5		2008 - 2011 : hands all over		what albums did they release ?		what albums did maroon 5 release ?
maroon 5		2008 - 2011 : hands all over		what albums did they release ?		the album , titled hands all over , was released on september 21 , 2010 .		did the album have any top hits ?		did the maroon 5 album hands all over have any top hits ?
maroon 5		2008 - 2011 : hands all over		what albums did they release ?		the album , titled hands all over , was released on september 21 , 2010 .		did the album have any top hits ?		on june 12 , 2011 , the band re - released the album hands all over just to include their summer hit " moves like jagger " , featuring christina aguilera .		did they win any awards ?		did maroon 5 win any awards ?
maroon 5		2008 - 2011 : hands all over		what albums did they release ?		the album , titled hands all over , was released on september 21 , 2010 .		did the album have any top hits ?		on june 12 , 2011 , the band re - released the album hands all over just to include their summer hit " moves like jagger " , featuring christina aguilera .		did they win any awards ?		on november 20 , 2011 on the american music awards , where it won its first ama for favorite pop band / duo / group .		did the release any more albums ?		did maroon 5 release any more albums ?
maroon 5		2008 - 2011 : hands all over		what albums did they release ?		the album , titled hands all over , was released on september 21 , 2010 .		did the album have any top hits ?		on june 12 , 2011 , the band re - released the album hands all over just to include their summer hit " moves like jagger " , featuring christina aguilera .		did they win any awards ?		on november 20 , 2011 on the american music awards , where it won its first ama for favorite pop band / duo / group .		did the release any more albums ?		i do n't know .		did they go on tour at all ?		did maroon 5 go on tour at all ?
maroon 5		2008 - 2011 : hands all over		what albums did they release ?		the album , titled hands all over , was released on september 21 , 2010 .		did the album have any top hits ?		on june 12 , 2011 , the band re - released the album hands all over just to include their summer hit " moves like jagger " , featuring christina aguilera .		did they win any awards ?		on november 20 , 2011 on the american music awards , where it won its first ama for favorite pop band / duo / group .		did the release any more albums ?		i do n't know .		did they go on tour at all ?		i do n't know .		did you learn anything else interesting in the article ?		did you learn anything else interesting in the article about the band maroon 5 other than winning their first american music award for favorite pop band / duo / group in 2011 ?
john searle		intentionality and the background		what is intentionality ?		what is john searle 's notion of intentionality and the background ?
john searle		intentionality and the background		what is intentionality ?		intentionality : an essay in the philosophy of mind ( 1983 ) ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		along with intentionality : an essay in the philosophy of mind ( 1983 ) , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
john searle		intentionality and the background		what is intentionality ?		intentionality : an essay in the philosophy of mind ( 1983 ) ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		searle applies certain elements of his account(s ) of " illocutionary acts " to the investigation of intentionality . searle also introduces a technical term the background ,		what does the background mean ?		what does john searle 's idea of the background mean ?
john searle		intentionality and the background		what is intentionality ?		intentionality : an essay in the philosophy of mind ( 1983 ) ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		searle applies certain elements of his account(s ) of " illocutionary acts " to the investigation of intentionality . searle also introduces a technical term the background ,		what does the background mean ?		he calls background the set of abilities , capacities , tendencies , and dispositions that humans have and that are not themselves intentional states .		what is the network ?		what is the network as used by john searle ?
john searle		intentionality and the background		what is intentionality ?		intentionality : an essay in the philosophy of mind ( 1983 ) ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		searle applies certain elements of his account(s ) of " illocutionary acts " to the investigation of intentionality . searle also introduces a technical term the background ,		what does the background mean ?		he calls background the set of abilities , capacities , tendencies , and dispositions that humans have and that are not themselves intentional states .		what is the network ?		one 's network of other beliefs , desires , and other intentional states necessary for any particular intentional state to make sense .		what else did he believe ?		aside from the network , what else did john searle believe ?
john searle		intentionality and the background		what is intentionality ?		intentionality : an essay in the philosophy of mind ( 1983 ) ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		searle applies certain elements of his account(s ) of " illocutionary acts " to the investigation of intentionality . searle also introduces a technical term the background ,		what does the background mean ?		he calls background the set of abilities , capacities , tendencies , and dispositions that humans have and that are not themselves intentional states .		what is the network ?		one 's network of other beliefs , desires , and other intentional states necessary for any particular intentional state to make sense .		what else did he believe ?		searle argues that the concept of a background is similar to the concepts provided by several other thinkers ,		in which way ?		in which way is the concept of a background similar to the concepts provided by several other thinkers ?
john searle		intentionality and the background		what is intentionality ?		intentionality : an essay in the philosophy of mind ( 1983 ) ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		searle applies certain elements of his account(s ) of " illocutionary acts " to the investigation of intentionality . searle also introduces a technical term the background ,		what does the background mean ?		he calls background the set of abilities , capacities , tendencies , and dispositions that humans have and that are not themselves intentional states .		what is the network ?		one 's network of other beliefs , desires , and other intentional states necessary for any particular intentional state to make sense .		what else did he believe ?		searle argues that the concept of a background is similar to the concepts provided by several other thinkers ,		in which way ?		they share all sorts of background presuppositions : that they will take turns to move , that no one else will intervene , that they are both playing to the same rules ,		did he have any notable debates ?		did john searle have any notable debates ?
john searle		intentionality and the background		what is intentionality ?		intentionality : an essay in the philosophy of mind ( 1983 ) ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		searle applies certain elements of his account(s ) of " illocutionary acts " to the investigation of intentionality . searle also introduces a technical term the background ,		what does the background mean ?		he calls background the set of abilities , capacities , tendencies , and dispositions that humans have and that are not themselves intentional states .		what is the network ?		one 's network of other beliefs , desires , and other intentional states necessary for any particular intentional state to make sense .		what else did he believe ?		searle argues that the concept of a background is similar to the concepts provided by several other thinkers ,		in which way ?		they share all sorts of background presuppositions : that they will take turns to move , that no one else will intervene , that they are both playing to the same rules ,		did he have any notable debates ?		in his debate with derrida , searle argued against derrida 's view that a statement can be disjoined from the original intentionality of its author ,		why did he feel this way ?		why did john searle feel that derrida was wrong in thinking that a statement can be disjoined from the original intentionality of its author ?
the monkees		beyond television		were they on tv ?		were the monkees on tv ?
the monkees		beyond television		were they on tv ?		during the filming of the second season ,		what happened in the second season ?		what happened with the monkees in the second season ?
the monkees		beyond television		were they on tv ?		during the filming of the second season ,		what happened in the second season ?		the band became tired of scripts		what else was going on in that season ?		what else was going on in the second season besides the monkees getting tired of scripts ?
the monkees		beyond television		were they on tv ?		during the filming of the second season ,		what happened in the second season ?		the band became tired of scripts		what else was going on in that season ?		they had already succeeded in eliminating the laugh track (		why did they get rid of the laugh tracks ?		why did the monkees get rid of the laugh tracks ?
the monkees		beyond television		were they on tv ?		during the filming of the second season ,		what happened in the second season ?		the band became tired of scripts		what else was going on in that season ?		they had already succeeded in eliminating the laugh track (		why did they get rid of the laugh tracks ?		i do n't know .		did the band members say anything about the second season ?		did the members of the monkees say anything about the second season of their tv show ?
the monkees		beyond television		were they on tv ?		during the filming of the second season ,		what happened in the second season ?		the band became tired of scripts		what else was going on in that season ?		they had already succeeded in eliminating the laugh track (		why did they get rid of the laugh tracks ?		i do n't know .		did the band members say anything about the second season ?		tork said in dvd commentary that everyone had developed such difficult personalities		so they grew apart or something ?		so the members of the monkees grew apart or something ?
the monkees		beyond television		were they on tv ?		during the filming of the second season ,		what happened in the second season ?		the band became tired of scripts		what else was going on in that season ?		they had already succeeded in eliminating the laugh track (		why did they get rid of the laugh tracks ?		i do n't know .		did the band members say anything about the second season ?		tork said in dvd commentary that everyone had developed such difficult personalities		so they grew apart or something ?		i do n't know .		did they end up leaving the show ?		did the monkees end up leaving the show ?
the monkees		beyond television		were they on tv ?		during the filming of the second season ,		what happened in the second season ?		the band became tired of scripts		what else was going on in that season ?		they had already succeeded in eliminating the laugh track (		why did they get rid of the laugh tracks ?		i do n't know .		did the band members say anything about the second season ?		tork said in dvd commentary that everyone had developed such difficult personalities		so they grew apart or something ?		i do n't know .		did they end up leaving the show ?		i do n't know .		did they have any songs released form this season ?		did the monkees have any songs released from the second season ?
the monkees		beyond television		were they on tv ?		during the filming of the second season ,		what happened in the second season ?		the band became tired of scripts		what else was going on in that season ?		they had already succeeded in eliminating the laugh track (		why did they get rid of the laugh tracks ?		i do n't know .		did the band members say anything about the second season ?		tork said in dvd commentary that everyone had developed such difficult personalities		so they grew apart or something ?		i do n't know .		did they end up leaving the show ?		i do n't know .		did they have any songs released form this season ?		" d.w. washburn "		were there other songs ?		were there other songs in addition to " d.w. washburn " ?
the monkees		beyond television		were they on tv ?		during the filming of the second season ,		what happened in the second season ?		the band became tired of scripts		what else was going on in that season ?		they had already succeeded in eliminating the laugh track (		why did they get rid of the laugh tracks ?		i do n't know .		did the band members say anything about the second season ?		tork said in dvd commentary that everyone had developed such difficult personalities		so they grew apart or something ?		i do n't know .		did they end up leaving the show ?		i do n't know .		did they have any songs released form this season ?		" d.w. washburn "		were there other songs ?		it 's nice to be		were these songs popular ?		were the monkees " it 's nice to be " and " d.w. washburn " songs popular ?
the monkees		beyond television		were they on tv ?		during the filming of the second season ,		what happened in the second season ?		the band became tired of scripts		what else was going on in that season ?		they had already succeeded in eliminating the laugh track (		why did they get rid of the laugh tracks ?		i do n't know .		did the band members say anything about the second season ?		tork said in dvd commentary that everyone had developed such difficult personalities		so they grew apart or something ?		i do n't know .		did they end up leaving the show ?		i do n't know .		did they have any songs released form this season ?		" d.w. washburn "		were there other songs ?		it 's nice to be		were these songs popular ?		the leiber / stoller - penned a - side would break into the top 20 , peaking at no . 19 on the charts .		when were these songs released ?		when were the monkees " it 's nice to be " and " d.w. washburn " songs released ?
the monkees		beyond television		were they on tv ?		during the filming of the second season ,		what happened in the second season ?		the band became tired of scripts		what else was going on in that season ?		they had already succeeded in eliminating the laugh track (		why did they get rid of the laugh tracks ?		i do n't know .		did the band members say anything about the second season ?		tork said in dvd commentary that everyone had developed such difficult personalities		so they grew apart or something ?		i do n't know .		did they end up leaving the show ?		i do n't know .		did they have any songs released form this season ?		" d.w. washburn "		were there other songs ?		it 's nice to be		were these songs popular ?		the leiber / stoller - penned a - side would break into the top 20 , peaking at no . 19 on the charts .		when were these songs released ?		1968 ,		were they ever in any other tv shows or movies ?		were the monkees ever in any other tv shows or movies other than the two television seasons ?
stephen fry		early life and education		where was fry born ?		where was fry born ?
stephen fry		early life and education		where was fry born ?		fry was born in hampstead , london ,		does he have siblings ?		does fry have siblings ?
stephen fry		early life and education		where was fry born ?		fry was born in hampstead , london ,		does he have siblings ?		he has an elder brother , roger , and a younger sister , joanna .		did he have any special interests as a child ?		did fry have any special interests as a child ?
stephen fry		early life and education		where was fry born ?		fry was born in hampstead , london ,		does he have siblings ?		he has an elder brother , roger , and a younger sister , joanna .		did he have any special interests as a child ?		at the age of seven , and then to uppingham school , rutland , where he joined fircroft house , and was described as a " near - asthmatic genius " .		where did he go to school ?		where did fry go to school ?
stephen fry		early life and education		where was fry born ?		fry was born in hampstead , london ,		does he have siblings ?		he has an elder brother , roger , and a younger sister , joanna .		did he have any special interests as a child ?		at the age of seven , and then to uppingham school , rutland , where he joined fircroft house , and was described as a " near - asthmatic genius " .		where did he go to school ?		fry briefly attended cawston primary school in cawston , norfolk , before going on to stouts hill preparatory school in uley , gloucestershire ,		was he a good student ?		was fry a good student ?
stephen fry		early life and education		where was fry born ?		fry was born in hampstead , london ,		does he have siblings ?		he has an elder brother , roger , and a younger sister , joanna .		did he have any special interests as a child ?		at the age of seven , and then to uppingham school , rutland , where he joined fircroft house , and was described as a " near - asthmatic genius " .		where did he go to school ?		fry briefly attended cawston primary school in cawston , norfolk , before going on to stouts hill preparatory school in uley , gloucestershire ,		was he a good student ?		he was expelled from uppingham when he was 15 and subsequently from the paston school .		what did he do after being expelled ?		what did fry do after being expelled from uppingham and paston school ?
stephen fry		early life and education		where was fry born ?		fry was born in hampstead , london ,		does he have siblings ?		he has an elder brother , roger , and a younger sister , joanna .		did he have any special interests as a child ?		at the age of seven , and then to uppingham school , rutland , where he joined fircroft house , and was described as a " near - asthmatic genius " .		where did he go to school ?		fry briefly attended cawston primary school in cawston , norfolk , before going on to stouts hill preparatory school in uley , gloucestershire ,		was he a good student ?		he was expelled from uppingham when he was 15 and subsequently from the paston school .		what did he do after being expelled ?		at 17 , after leaving norfolk college of arts and technology , fry absconded with a credit card stolen from a family friend .		what did he do with that stolen credit card ?		what fry do with the stolen credit card ?
stephen fry		early life and education		where was fry born ?		fry was born in hampstead , london ,		does he have siblings ?		he has an elder brother , roger , and a younger sister , joanna .		did he have any special interests as a child ?		at the age of seven , and then to uppingham school , rutland , where he joined fircroft house , and was described as a " near - asthmatic genius " .		where did he go to school ?		fry briefly attended cawston primary school in cawston , norfolk , before going on to stouts hill preparatory school in uley , gloucestershire ,		was he a good student ?		he was expelled from uppingham when he was 15 and subsequently from the paston school .		what did he do after being expelled ?		at 17 , after leaving norfolk college of arts and technology , fry absconded with a credit card stolen from a family friend .		what did he do with that stolen credit card ?		he had taken a coat when leaving a pub , planning to spend the night sleeping rough , but had then discovered the card in a pocket .		what happened to him because of this ?		what happened to fry at age 17 as result of taking the coat with the stolen credit card of a friend in a pocket ?
\weird al\ " yankovic "		uhf		what is uhf ?		what is uhf by weird al yankovic ?
\weird al\ " yankovic "		uhf		what is uhf ?		yankovic starred in a full - length feature film , co - written by himself and manager jay levey , and filmed in tulsa , oklahoma called uhf .		how was the film received ?		how was the film uhf with weird al yankovic received ?
\weird al\ " yankovic "		uhf		what is uhf ?		yankovic starred in a full - length feature film , co - written by himself and manager jay levey , and filmed in tulsa , oklahoma called uhf .		how was the film received ?		it was unsuccessful in theaters due to both poor critical reception and competition from other summer blockbusters at the time such as		any other films ?		do any other films feature weird al yankovic other than uhf ?
\weird al\ " yankovic "		uhf		what is uhf ?		yankovic starred in a full - length feature film , co - written by himself and manager jay levey , and filmed in tulsa , oklahoma called uhf .		how was the film received ?		it was unsuccessful in theaters due to both poor critical reception and competition from other summer blockbusters at the time such as		any other films ?		the film has since become a cult classic , with out - of - print copies of the vhs version selling for up to $ 100 on ebay until the release of the dvd in 2002 .		any songs during this time period ?		did weird al yankovic release any songs around the time of uhf 's release ?
\weird al\ " yankovic "		uhf		what is uhf ?		yankovic starred in a full - length feature film , co - written by himself and manager jay levey , and filmed in tulsa , oklahoma called uhf .		how was the film received ?		it was unsuccessful in theaters due to both poor critical reception and competition from other summer blockbusters at the time such as		any other films ?		the film has since become a cult classic , with out - of - print copies of the vhs version selling for up to $ 100 on ebay until the release of the dvd in 2002 .		any songs during this time period ?		the failure of the film left yankovic in a three - year slump , which was later broken by his inspiration to compose " smells like nirvana " .		how was it received ?		how was the song " smells like nirvana " by weird al yankovic received ?
jalen rose		media figure and business interests		what type of figure was rose in the media ?		what type of figure was rose in the media ?
jalen rose		media figure and business interests		what type of figure was rose in the media ?		academically , rose graduated from university of michigan in mass communications . rose got his first broadcasting experience as a courtside reporter for tnt during the 2006 playoffs		how many years did he spend as a broadcaster ?		how many years did rose spend as a broadcaster ?
jalen rose		media figure and business interests		what type of figure was rose in the media ?		academically , rose graduated from university of michigan in mass communications . rose got his first broadcasting experience as a courtside reporter for tnt during the 2006 playoffs		how many years did he spend as a broadcaster ?		i do n't know .		did he won any awards ?		did rose win any awards ?
jalen rose		media figure and business interests		what type of figure was rose in the media ?		academically , rose graduated from university of michigan in mass communications . rose got his first broadcasting experience as a courtside reporter for tnt during the 2006 playoffs		how many years did he spend as a broadcaster ?		i do n't know .		did he won any awards ?		i do n't know .		what other business interests was he involved in ?		in addition to being a media figure , what other business interests was rose involved in ?
jalen rose		media figure and business interests		what type of figure was rose in the media ?		academically , rose graduated from university of michigan in mass communications . rose got his first broadcasting experience as a courtside reporter for tnt during the 2006 playoffs		how many years did he spend as a broadcaster ?		i do n't know .		did he won any awards ?		i do n't know .		what other business interests was he involved in ?		rose is the owner of three tier entertainment , an independent , los angeles based management and production company .		what year did he start his business ?		what year did rose start three tier entertainment ?
jalen rose		media figure and business interests		what type of figure was rose in the media ?		academically , rose graduated from university of michigan in mass communications . rose got his first broadcasting experience as a courtside reporter for tnt during the 2006 playoffs		how many years did he spend as a broadcaster ?		i do n't know .		did he won any awards ?		i do n't know .		what other business interests was he involved in ?		rose is the owner of three tier entertainment , an independent , los angeles based management and production company .		what year did he start his business ?		created in 2007 , three tier entertainment develops television and film projects and also manages talent including directors , actors and screenplay writers .		was there any other business interests that he pursued ?		besides creating three tier entertainment , was there any other business interests that rose pursued ?
jalen rose		media figure and business interests		what type of figure was rose in the media ?		academically , rose graduated from university of michigan in mass communications . rose got his first broadcasting experience as a courtside reporter for tnt during the 2006 playoffs		how many years did he spend as a broadcaster ?		i do n't know .		did he won any awards ?		i do n't know .		what other business interests was he involved in ?		rose is the owner of three tier entertainment , an independent , los angeles based management and production company .		what year did he start his business ?		created in 2007 , three tier entertainment develops television and film projects and also manages talent including directors , actors and screenplay writers .		was there any other business interests that he pursued ?		the march 13 , 2011 airing of the documentary the fab five , which rose produced , sparked controversy that led to a series of media exchanges between members of the press ,		is he still a media figure or retired ?		is rose still a media figure or retired ?
jalen rose		media figure and business interests		what type of figure was rose in the media ?		academically , rose graduated from university of michigan in mass communications . rose got his first broadcasting experience as a courtside reporter for tnt during the 2006 playoffs		how many years did he spend as a broadcaster ?		i do n't know .		did he won any awards ?		i do n't know .		what other business interests was he involved in ?		rose is the owner of three tier entertainment , an independent , los angeles based management and production company .		what year did he start his business ?		created in 2007 , three tier entertainment develops television and film projects and also manages talent including directors , actors and screenplay writers .		was there any other business interests that he pursued ?		the march 13 , 2011 airing of the documentary the fab five , which rose produced , sparked controversy that led to a series of media exchanges between members of the press ,		is he still a media figure or retired ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting in this article ?		aside from the controversy of the fab five , is there anything else interesting in this article ?
keira knightley		1993 - 2002 : career beginnings and breakthrough		how did her career begin ?		how did keira knightley 's career begin ?
keira knightley		1993 - 2002 : career beginnings and breakthrough		how did her career begin ?		after getting an agent at the age of six , knightley began working in commercials and small television roles .		what was her first major tv show ?		what was keira knightley 's first major tv show ?
keira knightley		1993 - 2002 : career beginnings and breakthrough		how did her career begin ?		after getting an agent at the age of six , knightley began working in commercials and small television roles .		what was her first major tv show ?		her first on - screen appearance was in the 1993 television film , royal celebration .		what role did she play in the film ?		what role did keira knightley play in the 1993 television film , royal celebration ?
keira knightley		1993 - 2002 : career beginnings and breakthrough		how did her career begin ?		after getting an agent at the age of six , knightley began working in commercials and small television roles .		what was her first major tv show ?		her first on - screen appearance was in the 1993 television film , royal celebration .		what role did she play in the film ?		she then played natasha jordan , a young girl whose mother is involved in an extramarital affair , in the romantic drama a village affair		when was a village affair released ?		when was the romantic drama a village affair released ?
keira knightley		1993 - 2002 : career beginnings and breakthrough		how did her career begin ?		after getting an agent at the age of six , knightley began working in commercials and small television roles .		what was her first major tv show ?		her first on - screen appearance was in the 1993 television film , royal celebration .		what role did she play in the film ?		she then played natasha jordan , a young girl whose mother is involved in an extramarital affair , in the romantic drama a village affair		when was a village affair released ?		a village affair ( 1995 ) .		what happened in 2002 ?		what happened to keira knightley in 2002 ?
keira knightley		1993 - 2002 : career beginnings and breakthrough		how did her career begin ?		after getting an agent at the age of six , knightley began working in commercials and small television roles .		what was her first major tv show ?		her first on - screen appearance was in the 1993 television film , royal celebration .		what role did she play in the film ?		she then played natasha jordan , a young girl whose mother is involved in an extramarital affair , in the romantic drama a village affair		when was a village affair released ?		a village affair ( 1995 ) .		what happened in 2002 ?		knightley also took on the role of lara antipova in the miniseries adaptation of doctor zhivago , which first aired in 2002 to positive reviews and high ratings .		did she appear in any movies in 2002 ?		did keira knightley appear in any movies in 2002 ?
keira knightley		1993 - 2002 : career beginnings and breakthrough		how did her career begin ?		after getting an agent at the age of six , knightley began working in commercials and small television roles .		what was her first major tv show ?		her first on - screen appearance was in the 1993 television film , royal celebration .		what role did she play in the film ?		she then played natasha jordan , a young girl whose mother is involved in an extramarital affair , in the romantic drama a village affair		when was a village affair released ?		a village affair ( 1995 ) .		what happened in 2002 ?		knightley also took on the role of lara antipova in the miniseries adaptation of doctor zhivago , which first aired in 2002 to positive reviews and high ratings .		did she appear in any movies in 2002 ?		in the same year , knightley starred as a pregnant drug addict in gillies mackinnon 's drama film pure .		did the movie pure do well ?		did the movie pure do well ?
keira knightley		1993 - 2002 : career beginnings and breakthrough		how did her career begin ?		after getting an agent at the age of six , knightley began working in commercials and small television roles .		what was her first major tv show ?		her first on - screen appearance was in the 1993 television film , royal celebration .		what role did she play in the film ?		she then played natasha jordan , a young girl whose mother is involved in an extramarital affair , in the romantic drama a village affair		when was a village affair released ?		a village affair ( 1995 ) .		what happened in 2002 ?		knightley also took on the role of lara antipova in the miniseries adaptation of doctor zhivago , which first aired in 2002 to positive reviews and high ratings .		did she appear in any movies in 2002 ?		in the same year , knightley starred as a pregnant drug addict in gillies mackinnon 's drama film pure .		did the movie pure do well ?		i do n't know .		did knghtley win any awards between 1993 - 2002 ?		did keira knightley win any awards between 1993 - 2002 ?
\weird al\ " yankovic "		negative		what is negative ?		what is negative about weird al yankovic ?
\weird al\ " yankovic "		negative		what is negative ?		i do n't know .		why was weird all negative ?		why was weird al yankovic negative ?
\weird al\ " yankovic "		negative		what is negative ?		i do n't know .		why was weird all negative ?		one of yankovic 's most controversial parodies was 1996 's " amish paradise " , based on " gangsta 's paradise "		how was amish paradise received ?		how was amish paradise by weird al yankovic received ?
\weird al\ " yankovic "		negative		what is negative ?		i do n't know .		why was weird all negative ?		one of yankovic 's most controversial parodies was 1996 's " amish paradise " , based on " gangsta 's paradise "		how was amish paradise received ?		controversial		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about weird al yankovic 's negative reception other than the controversial parody amish paradise ?
\weird al\ " yankovic "		negative		what is negative ?		i do n't know .		why was weird all negative ?		one of yankovic 's most controversial parodies was 1996 's " amish paradise " , based on " gangsta 's paradise "		how was amish paradise received ?		controversial		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		red hot chili peppers bassist flea told behind the music that he was unimpressed and disappointed by yankovic 's 1993 song " bedrock anthem		how successful was bedrock anthem ?		how successful was bedrock anthem by weird al yankovic ?
glenda jackson		early life and career		where was she born ?		where was jackson born ?
glenda jackson		early life and career		where was she born ?		jackson was born in birkenhead on the wirral ,		where did she attend school ?		where did jackson attend school ?
glenda jackson		early life and career		where was she born ?		jackson was born in birkenhead on the wirral ,		where did she attend school ?		jackson was educated at the west kirby county grammar school for girls , and performed at the townswomen 's guild drama group during her teens .		who were her parents ?		who were jackson 's parents ?
glenda jackson		early life and career		where was she born ?		jackson was born in birkenhead on the wirral ,		where did she attend school ?		jackson was educated at the west kirby county grammar school for girls , and performed at the townswomen 's guild drama group during her teens .		who were her parents ?		where her father was a builder , and her mother worked in shops and as a cleaner .		when did she begin her acting career ?		when did jackson begin her acting career ?
glenda jackson		early life and career		where was she born ?		jackson was born in birkenhead on the wirral ,		where did she attend school ?		jackson was educated at the west kirby county grammar school for girls , and performed at the townswomen 's guild drama group during her teens .		who were her parents ?		where her father was a builder , and her mother worked in shops and as a cleaner .		when did she begin her acting career ?		jackson made her professional stage debut in terence rattigan 's separate tables in 1957 while at rada .		what was her first film ?		what was jackson 's first film ?
glenda jackson		early life and career		where was she born ?		jackson was born in birkenhead on the wirral ,		where did she attend school ?		jackson was educated at the west kirby county grammar school for girls , and performed at the townswomen 's guild drama group during her teens .		who were her parents ?		where her father was a builder , and her mother worked in shops and as a cleaner .		when did she begin her acting career ?		jackson made her professional stage debut in terence rattigan 's separate tables in 1957 while at rada .		what was her first film ?		her film debut was a bit part in this sporting life ( 1963 ) .		what did she do after her debut film ?		what did jackson do after her debut film ' this sporting life ' ?
glenda jackson		early life and career		where was she born ?		jackson was born in birkenhead on the wirral ,		where did she attend school ?		jackson was educated at the west kirby county grammar school for girls , and performed at the townswomen 's guild drama group during her teens .		who were her parents ?		where her father was a builder , and her mother worked in shops and as a cleaner .		when did she begin her acting career ?		jackson made her professional stage debut in terence rattigan 's separate tables in 1957 while at rada .		what was her first film ?		her film debut was a bit part in this sporting life ( 1963 ) .		what did she do after her debut film ?		a member of the royal shakespeare company for four years from 1964 , she originally joined for director peter brook 's ' theatre of cruelty ' season		what roles did she play as a member f the royal shakespeare company ?		what roles did jackson play as a member of the royal shakespeare company ?
glenda jackson		early life and career		where was she born ?		jackson was born in birkenhead on the wirral ,		where did she attend school ?		jackson was educated at the west kirby county grammar school for girls , and performed at the townswomen 's guild drama group during her teens .		who were her parents ?		where her father was a builder , and her mother worked in shops and as a cleaner .		when did she begin her acting career ?		jackson made her professional stage debut in terence rattigan 's separate tables in 1957 while at rada .		what was her first film ?		her film debut was a bit part in this sporting life ( 1963 ) .		what did she do after her debut film ?		a member of the royal shakespeare company for four years from 1964 , she originally joined for director peter brook 's ' theatre of cruelty ' season		what roles did she play as a member f the royal shakespeare company ?		she played an inmate of an asylum portraying charlotte corday , the assassin of marat .		did she play any other shakespeare roles ?		did jackson play any other shakespeare roles aside from charlotte corday ?
renaissance ( band )		uk hit single		what is the name of their hit single ?		what is the name of the band renaissance 's hit single ?
renaissance ( band )		uk hit single		what is the name of their hit single ?		" northern lights " ,		how did the single do in the charts ?		how did the renaissance single do in the charts ?
renaissance ( band )		uk hit single		what is the name of their hit single ?		" northern lights " ,		how did the single do in the charts ?		which reached no . 10 during the summer of		what label were they with when it was produced ?		what label was renaissance with when the song " northern lights " was produced ?
renaissance ( band )		uk hit single		what is the name of their hit single ?		" northern lights " ,		how did the single do in the charts ?		which reached no . 10 during the summer of		what label were they with when it was produced ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides with the song " northern lights " reaching no.10 in the charts , are there any other interesting aspects about the renaissance article ?
renaissance ( band )		uk hit single		what is the name of their hit single ?		" northern lights " ,		how did the single do in the charts ?		which reached no . 10 during the summer of		what label were they with when it was produced ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the 1970s , renaissance defined their work with folk rock and classical fusions .		did they play with anyone else ?		aside from at festivals , did renaissance play with anyone else ?
renaissance ( band )		uk hit single		what is the name of their hit single ?		" northern lights " ,		how did the single do in the charts ?		which reached no . 10 during the summer of		what label were they with when it was produced ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the 1970s , renaissance defined their work with folk rock and classical fusions .		did they play with anyone else ?		i do n't know .		how many albums did they sell ?		how many albums did renaissance sell ?
renaissance ( band )		uk hit single		what is the name of their hit single ?		" northern lights " ,		how did the single do in the charts ?		which reached no . 10 during the summer of		what label were they with when it was produced ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the 1970s , renaissance defined their work with folk rock and classical fusions .		did they play with anyone else ?		i do n't know .		how many albums did they sell ?		i do n't know .		did they win any awards with their single ?		did renaissance win any awards with their single ?
renaissance ( band )		uk hit single		what is the name of their hit single ?		" northern lights " ,		how did the single do in the charts ?		which reached no . 10 during the summer of		what label were they with when it was produced ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the 1970s , renaissance defined their work with folk rock and classical fusions .		did they play with anyone else ?		i do n't know .		how many albums did they sell ?		i do n't know .		did they win any awards with their single ?		i do n't know .		did it do better in the us ?		did the band renaissance do better in the us ?
renaissance ( band )		uk hit single		what is the name of their hit single ?		" northern lights " ,		how did the single do in the charts ?		which reached no . 10 during the summer of		what label were they with when it was produced ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the 1970s , renaissance defined their work with folk rock and classical fusions .		did they play with anyone else ?		i do n't know .		how many albums did they sell ?		i do n't know .		did they win any awards with their single ?		i do n't know .		did it do better in the us ?		oriented sound . as a result , the band 's fan base began to lose interest and the album only reached no . 125 . dunford		what fact is most interesting to you in this article ?		what fact is most interesting to you in this article ?
renaissance ( band )		joining btm label		who was the renaissance		who were the renaissance ?
renaissance ( band )		joining btm label		who was the renaissance		the band left sovereign records and joined miles copeland 's new prog rock stable and label btm ( for british talent management ) .		what did they do on their new label		what did the renassiance do differently on their new label ?
renaissance ( band )		joining btm label		who was the renaissance		the band left sovereign records and joined miles copeland 's new prog rock stable and label btm ( for british talent management ) .		what did they do on their new label		with a larger budget , the album went from folk - flavoured to a more dark , lush , orchestral rock sound .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from joining a new record label , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
renaissance ( band )		joining btm label		who was the renaissance		the band left sovereign records and joined miles copeland 's new prog rock stable and label btm ( for british talent management ) .		what did they do on their new label		with a larger budget , the album went from folk - flavoured to a more dark , lush , orchestral rock sound .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		a lengthy tribute to aleksandr solzhenitsyn , called " mother russia " , closed out the album , with lyrics inspired by his autobiographical novel , one day in the life of ivan denisovich .		was they successful		was the renaissance band successful ?
renaissance ( band )		joining btm label		who was the renaissance		the band left sovereign records and joined miles copeland 's new prog rock stable and label btm ( for british talent management ) .		what did they do on their new label		with a larger budget , the album went from folk - flavoured to a more dark , lush , orchestral rock sound .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		a lengthy tribute to aleksandr solzhenitsyn , called " mother russia " , closed out the album , with lyrics inspired by his autobiographical novel , one day in the life of ivan denisovich .		was they successful		it remained in the billboard 200 for 21 weeks . although renaissance 's fan base was relatively small , its following was heavily concentrated		did they go on tour ?		did the band renaissance ever go on tour ?
renaissance ( band )		joining btm label		who was the renaissance		the band left sovereign records and joined miles copeland 's new prog rock stable and label btm ( for british talent management ) .		what did they do on their new label		with a larger budget , the album went from folk - flavoured to a more dark , lush , orchestral rock sound .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		a lengthy tribute to aleksandr solzhenitsyn , called " mother russia " , closed out the album , with lyrics inspired by his autobiographical novel , one day in the life of ivan denisovich .		was they successful		it remained in the billboard 200 for 21 weeks . although renaissance 's fan base was relatively small , its following was heavily concentrated		did they go on tour ?		i do n't know .		what else was they known for ?		other than being a band , was the renaissance known for anything else ?
renaissance ( band )		joining btm label		who was the renaissance		the band left sovereign records and joined miles copeland 's new prog rock stable and label btm ( for british talent management ) .		what did they do on their new label		with a larger budget , the album went from folk - flavoured to a more dark , lush , orchestral rock sound .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		a lengthy tribute to aleksandr solzhenitsyn , called " mother russia " , closed out the album , with lyrics inspired by his autobiographical novel , one day in the life of ivan denisovich .		was they successful		it remained in the billboard 200 for 21 weeks . although renaissance 's fan base was relatively small , its following was heavily concentrated		did they go on tour ?		i do n't know .		what else was they known for ?		they were joined on stage by the new york philharmonic orchestra .		who did they meet		who did the renaissance meet ?
renaissance ( band )		joining btm label		who was the renaissance		the band left sovereign records and joined miles copeland 's new prog rock stable and label btm ( for british talent management ) .		what did they do on their new label		with a larger budget , the album went from folk - flavoured to a more dark , lush , orchestral rock sound .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		a lengthy tribute to aleksandr solzhenitsyn , called " mother russia " , closed out the album , with lyrics inspired by his autobiographical novel , one day in the life of ivan denisovich .		was they successful		it remained in the billboard 200 for 21 weeks . although renaissance 's fan base was relatively small , its following was heavily concentrated		did they go on tour ?		i do n't know .		what else was they known for ?		they were joined on stage by the new york philharmonic orchestra .		who did they meet		i do n't know .		what else happen with the label		in addition to adding renaissance to a new label , what else happened ?
renaissance ( band )		joining btm label		who was the renaissance		the band left sovereign records and joined miles copeland 's new prog rock stable and label btm ( for british talent management ) .		what did they do on their new label		with a larger budget , the album went from folk - flavoured to a more dark , lush , orchestral rock sound .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		a lengthy tribute to aleksandr solzhenitsyn , called " mother russia " , closed out the album , with lyrics inspired by his autobiographical novel , one day in the life of ivan denisovich .		was they successful		it remained in the billboard 200 for 21 weeks . although renaissance 's fan base was relatively small , its following was heavily concentrated		did they go on tour ?		i do n't know .		what else was they known for ?		they were joined on stage by the new york philharmonic orchestra .		who did they meet		i do n't know .		what else happen with the label		turn of the cards was first issued in the united states on sire records in august 1974 , where it reached no . 94 , some months before an official uk release .		did it do better in the us		did the renaissance new album do well in the u.s. ?
lillian moller gilbreth		author and educator		what has lillian moller gilbreth done ?		what has lillian moller gilbreth done ?
lillian moller gilbreth		author and educator		what has lillian moller gilbreth done ?		gilbreth had a lifelong interest in teaching and education .		what did she teach ?		what did author and educator lillian moller gilbreth teach ?
lillian moller gilbreth		author and educator		what has lillian moller gilbreth done ?		gilbreth had a lifelong interest in teaching and education .		what did she teach ?		while residing in providence , rhode island , gilbreth and her husband taught free , two - week - long summer schools in scientific management from 1913 to 1916 .		did she receive any awards ?		did lillian moller gilbreth receive any awards ?
lillian moller gilbreth		author and educator		what has lillian moller gilbreth done ?		gilbreth had a lifelong interest in teaching and education .		what did she teach ?		while residing in providence , rhode island , gilbreth and her husband taught free , two - week - long summer schools in scientific management from 1913 to 1916 .		did she receive any awards ?		i do n't know .		did she teach without her husband ?		did lillian moller gilbreth teach without her husband ?
sally ride		after nasa		when did ride leave nasa ?		when did ride leave nasa ?
sally ride		after nasa		when did ride leave nasa ?		in 1987 , ride left her position in washington , d.c. , to work at the stanford university center for international security and arms control .		what did she do at the stanford center ?		what did sally ride do at the stanford center for international security and arms control ?
sally ride		after nasa		when did ride leave nasa ?		in 1987 , ride left her position in washington , d.c. , to work at the stanford university center for international security and arms control .		what did she do at the stanford center ?		international security and arms control .		how long was she there ?		how long was sally ride in the stanford center for international security and arms control ?
sally ride		after nasa		when did ride leave nasa ?		in 1987 , ride left her position in washington , d.c. , to work at the stanford university center for international security and arms control .		what did she do at the stanford center ?		international security and arms control .		how long was she there ?		in 1989 , she became a professor of physics at the university of california , san diego , and director of the california space institute .		was she successful as a professor ?		was sally ride successful as a professor ?
sally ride		after nasa		when did ride leave nasa ?		in 1987 , ride left her position in washington , d.c. , to work at the stanford university center for international security and arms control .		what did she do at the stanford center ?		international security and arms control .		how long was she there ?		in 1989 , she became a professor of physics at the university of california , san diego , and director of the california space institute .		was she successful as a professor ?		i do n't know .		did she have any other professions ?		did sally ride have any other professions other than being a professor and politics ?
sally ride		after nasa		when did ride leave nasa ?		in 1987 , ride left her position in washington , d.c. , to work at the stanford university center for international security and arms control .		what did she do at the stanford center ?		international security and arms control .		how long was she there ?		in 1989 , she became a professor of physics at the university of california , san diego , and director of the california space institute .		was she successful as a professor ?		i do n't know .		did she have any other professions ?		ride led two public - outreach programs for nasa -- the iss earthkam and grail moonkam projects , in cooperation with nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory and ucsd .		what was involved in the programs ?		what was involved in the public - outreach programs for nasa -- the iss earthkam and grail moonkam projects , in cooperation with nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory and ucsd which sally red led ?
sally ride		after nasa		when did ride leave nasa ?		in 1987 , ride left her position in washington , d.c. , to work at the stanford university center for international security and arms control .		what did she do at the stanford center ?		international security and arms control .		how long was she there ?		in 1989 , she became a professor of physics at the university of california , san diego , and director of the california space institute .		was she successful as a professor ?		i do n't know .		did she have any other professions ?		ride led two public - outreach programs for nasa -- the iss earthkam and grail moonkam projects , in cooperation with nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory and ucsd .		what was involved in the programs ?		the programs allowed middle school students to request images of the earth and moon .		what did she do after this ?		what did sally ride do after leading two public - outreach programs for nasa -- the iss earthkam and grail moonkam projects , in cooperation with nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory and ucsd ?
sally ride		after nasa		when did ride leave nasa ?		in 1987 , ride left her position in washington , d.c. , to work at the stanford university center for international security and arms control .		what did she do at the stanford center ?		international security and arms control .		how long was she there ?		in 1989 , she became a professor of physics at the university of california , san diego , and director of the california space institute .		was she successful as a professor ?		i do n't know .		did she have any other professions ?		ride led two public - outreach programs for nasa -- the iss earthkam and grail moonkam projects , in cooperation with nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory and ucsd .		what was involved in the programs ?		the programs allowed middle school students to request images of the earth and moon .		what did she do after this ?		in 1999 , she acted in the season 5 finale of touched by an angel , titled " godspeed " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article other than acting in the season 5 finale of touched by an angel , titled " godspeed " . ?
sally ride		after nasa		when did ride leave nasa ?		in 1987 , ride left her position in washington , d.c. , to work at the stanford university center for international security and arms control .		what did she do at the stanford center ?		international security and arms control .		how long was she there ?		in 1989 , she became a professor of physics at the university of california , san diego , and director of the california space institute .		was she successful as a professor ?		i do n't know .		did she have any other professions ?		ride led two public - outreach programs for nasa -- the iss earthkam and grail moonkam projects , in cooperation with nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory and ucsd .		what was involved in the programs ?		the programs allowed middle school students to request images of the earth and moon .		what did she do after this ?		in 1999 , she acted in the season 5 finale of touched by an angel , titled " godspeed " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		she was the president and ceo of sally ride science ,		what was sally ride science ?		what was sally ride science ?
sally ride		after nasa		when did ride leave nasa ?		in 1987 , ride left her position in washington , d.c. , to work at the stanford university center for international security and arms control .		what did she do at the stanford center ?		international security and arms control .		how long was she there ?		in 1989 , she became a professor of physics at the university of california , san diego , and director of the california space institute .		was she successful as a professor ?		i do n't know .		did she have any other professions ?		ride led two public - outreach programs for nasa -- the iss earthkam and grail moonkam projects , in cooperation with nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory and ucsd .		what was involved in the programs ?		the programs allowed middle school students to request images of the earth and moon .		what did she do after this ?		in 1999 , she acted in the season 5 finale of touched by an angel , titled " godspeed " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		she was the president and ceo of sally ride science ,		what was sally ride science ?		a company she co - founded in 2001 that creates entertaining science programs and publications for upper elementary and middle school students , with a particular focus on girls .		did she have any other careers in her life ?		did sally ride have any other careers in her life other than being the president and ceo of sally ride science ? ?
sally ride		after nasa		when did ride leave nasa ?		in 1987 , ride left her position in washington , d.c. , to work at the stanford university center for international security and arms control .		what did she do at the stanford center ?		international security and arms control .		how long was she there ?		in 1989 , she became a professor of physics at the university of california , san diego , and director of the california space institute .		was she successful as a professor ?		i do n't know .		did she have any other professions ?		ride led two public - outreach programs for nasa -- the iss earthkam and grail moonkam projects , in cooperation with nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory and ucsd .		what was involved in the programs ?		the programs allowed middle school students to request images of the earth and moon .		what did she do after this ?		in 1999 , she acted in the season 5 finale of touched by an angel , titled " godspeed " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		she was the president and ceo of sally ride science ,		what was sally ride science ?		a company she co - founded in 2001 that creates entertaining science programs and publications for upper elementary and middle school students , with a particular focus on girls .		did she have any other careers in her life ?		she was a member of the review of united states human space flight plans committee ,		did she have a family at this time ?		did sally ride have a family during the period she was a member of the review of united states human space flight plans committee ?
thomas malory		identity		what is his identity		what is malory 's identity
thomas malory		identity		what is his identity		most of what is known about malory stems from the accounts describing him in the prayers found in the winchester manuscript .		how is he described		how is malory described
thomas malory		identity		what is his identity		most of what is known about malory stems from the accounts describing him in the prayers found in the winchester manuscript .		how is he described		he is described as a " knyght presoner " , distinguishing him from the other six individuals also bearing the name thomas malory		anything else interesting		other than malory described as a " knyght presoner " anything else interesting ?
thomas malory		identity		what is his identity		most of what is known about malory stems from the accounts describing him in the prayers found in the winchester manuscript .		how is he described		he is described as a " knyght presoner " , distinguishing him from the other six individuals also bearing the name thomas malory		anything else interesting		" for this was written by a knight prisoner thomas malleorre , that god send him good recovery . "		did he write anything else		aside from identity did malory write anything else
thomas malory		identity		what is his identity		most of what is known about malory stems from the accounts describing him in the prayers found in the winchester manuscript .		how is he described		he is described as a " knyght presoner " , distinguishing him from the other six individuals also bearing the name thomas malory		anything else interesting		" for this was written by a knight prisoner thomas malleorre , that god send him good recovery . "		did he write anything else		and i pray you all that readeth this tale to pray for him that this wrote , that god send him good deliverance soon and hastily .		how were his books recieved		how were malory 's books received
thomas malory		identity		what is his identity		most of what is known about malory stems from the accounts describing him in the prayers found in the winchester manuscript .		how is he described		he is described as a " knyght presoner " , distinguishing him from the other six individuals also bearing the name thomas malory		anything else interesting		" for this was written by a knight prisoner thomas malleorre , that god send him good recovery . "		did he write anything else		and i pray you all that readeth this tale to pray for him that this wrote , that god send him good deliverance soon and hastily .		how were his books recieved		i do n't know .		was he actually a knight		was malory actually a knight
thomas malory		identity		what is his identity		most of what is known about malory stems from the accounts describing him in the prayers found in the winchester manuscript .		how is he described		he is described as a " knyght presoner " , distinguishing him from the other six individuals also bearing the name thomas malory		anything else interesting		" for this was written by a knight prisoner thomas malleorre , that god send him good recovery . "		did he write anything else		and i pray you all that readeth this tale to pray for him that this wrote , that god send him good deliverance soon and hastily .		how were his books recieved		i do n't know .		was he actually a knight		thomas maleore , knight , as jesu help him for his great might , as he is the servant of jesu both day and night .		who made him a knight		who made malory a knight
thomas malory		identity		what is his identity		most of what is known about malory stems from the accounts describing him in the prayers found in the winchester manuscript .		how is he described		he is described as a " knyght presoner " , distinguishing him from the other six individuals also bearing the name thomas malory		anything else interesting		" for this was written by a knight prisoner thomas malleorre , that god send him good recovery . "		did he write anything else		and i pray you all that readeth this tale to pray for him that this wrote , that god send him good deliverance soon and hastily .		how were his books recieved		i do n't know .		was he actually a knight		thomas maleore , knight , as jesu help him for his great might , as he is the servant of jesu both day and night .		who made him a knight		i do n't know .		what was his most famous book		what was malory 's most famous book
thomas malory		identity		what is his identity		most of what is known about malory stems from the accounts describing him in the prayers found in the winchester manuscript .		how is he described		he is described as a " knyght presoner " , distinguishing him from the other six individuals also bearing the name thomas malory		anything else interesting		" for this was written by a knight prisoner thomas malleorre , that god send him good recovery . "		did he write anything else		and i pray you all that readeth this tale to pray for him that this wrote , that god send him good deliverance soon and hastily .		how were his books recieved		i do n't know .		was he actually a knight		thomas maleore , knight , as jesu help him for his great might , as he is the servant of jesu both day and night .		who made him a knight		i do n't know .		what was his most famous book		i do n't know .		when was it published		when was malory 's most famous book published
thomas malory		thomas malory of papworth		who was thomas ?		who was thomas ?
thomas malory		thomas malory of papworth		who was thomas ?		thomas inherited his father 's estates in 1425 and was placed in the wardship of the king ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from malory been placed in the wardship of the king , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
thomas malory		thomas malory of papworth		who was thomas ?		thomas inherited his father 's estates in 1425 and was placed in the wardship of the king ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		thomas malory was born on 6 december 1425 at moreton corbet castle , shropshire , the eldest son of sir william mallory ,		who was his mother ?		who was malory 's mother ?
thomas malory		thomas malory of papworth		who was thomas ?		thomas inherited his father 's estates in 1425 and was placed in the wardship of the king ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		thomas malory was born on 6 december 1425 at moreton corbet castle , shropshire , the eldest son of sir william mallory ,		who was his mother ?		margaret , the widow of robert corbet		did he have siblings ?		did malory have siblings ?
thomas malory		thomas malory of papworth		who was thomas ?		thomas inherited his father 's estates in 1425 and was placed in the wardship of the king ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		thomas malory was born on 6 december 1425 at moreton corbet castle , shropshire , the eldest son of sir william mallory ,		who was his mother ?		margaret , the widow of robert corbet		did he have siblings ?		i do n't know .		what was his childhood like ?		what was malory 's childhood like ?
thomas malory		thomas malory of papworth		who was thomas ?		thomas inherited his father 's estates in 1425 and was placed in the wardship of the king ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		thomas malory was born on 6 december 1425 at moreton corbet castle , shropshire , the eldest son of sir william mallory ,		who was his mother ?		margaret , the widow of robert corbet		did he have siblings ?		i do n't know .		what was his childhood like ?		nothing else is known of him , apart from one peculiar incident discovered by william matthews .		what was the incident ?		what was the incident ?
thomas malory		thomas malory of papworth		who was thomas ?		thomas inherited his father 's estates in 1425 and was placed in the wardship of the king ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		thomas malory was born on 6 december 1425 at moreton corbet castle , shropshire , the eldest son of sir william mallory ,		who was his mother ?		margaret , the widow of robert corbet		did he have siblings ?		i do n't know .		what was his childhood like ?		nothing else is known of him , apart from one peculiar incident discovered by william matthews .		what was the incident ?		claiming that malory ambushed him on a november evening and took him from papworth to huntingdon ,		what became of this incident ?		what became of malory ambushing matthews on a november evening and taking him from papworth to huntingdon ?
thomas malory		thomas malory of papworth		who was thomas ?		thomas inherited his father 's estates in 1425 and was placed in the wardship of the king ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		thomas malory was born on 6 december 1425 at moreton corbet castle , shropshire , the eldest son of sir william mallory ,		who was his mother ?		margaret , the widow of robert corbet		did he have siblings ?		i do n't know .		what was his childhood like ?		nothing else is known of him , apart from one peculiar incident discovered by william matthews .		what was the incident ?		claiming that malory ambushed him on a november evening and took him from papworth to huntingdon ,		what became of this incident ?		the outcome of this case is unknown , but it seems to indicate that this malory was something other than an ordinary country gentleman .		what happened after the incident ?		what happened after the incident ?
thomas malory		thomas malory of papworth		who was thomas ?		thomas inherited his father 's estates in 1425 and was placed in the wardship of the king ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		thomas malory was born on 6 december 1425 at moreton corbet castle , shropshire , the eldest son of sir william mallory ,		who was his mother ?		margaret , the widow of robert corbet		did he have siblings ?		i do n't know .		what was his childhood like ?		nothing else is known of him , apart from one peculiar incident discovered by william matthews .		what was the incident ?		claiming that malory ambushed him on a november evening and took him from papworth to huntingdon ,		what became of this incident ?		the outcome of this case is unknown , but it seems to indicate that this malory was something other than an ordinary country gentleman .		what happened after the incident ?		there is no evidence that this malory was ever actually knighted and the very specific use of the word " knight " in respect of the author malory tells against him .		did he marry ?		did malory marry ?
abdurrahman wahid		overseas education		did he teach oversees ?		did abdurrahman wahid teach oversees ?
abdurrahman wahid		overseas education		did he teach oversees ?		i do n't know .		what did he teach ?		what did abdurrahman wahid teach ?
abdurrahman wahid		overseas education		did he teach oversees ?		i do n't know .		what did he teach ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than overseas education , are there any other interesting aspects about abdurrahman wahid ?
abdurrahman wahid		overseas education		did he teach oversees ?		i do n't know .		what did he teach ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in egypt , wahid found employment with the indonesian embassy .		what did he do there ?		what did abdurrahman wahid do at the indonesian embassy ?
abdurrahman wahid		overseas education		did he teach oversees ?		i do n't know .		what did he teach ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in egypt , wahid found employment with the indonesian embassy .		what did he do there ?		the indonesian embassy in egypt was ordered to conduct an investigation into the political views of university students . this order was passed to wahid ,		what did he do ?		what did abdurrahman wahid do ?
abdurrahman wahid		overseas education		did he teach oversees ?		i do n't know .		what did he teach ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in egypt , wahid found employment with the indonesian embassy .		what did he do there ?		the indonesian embassy in egypt was ordered to conduct an investigation into the political views of university students . this order was passed to wahid ,		what did he do ?		this order was passed to wahid , who was charged with writing the reports .		did he write them ?		did abdurrahman wahid write the the reports ?
abdurrahman wahid		overseas education		did he teach oversees ?		i do n't know .		what did he teach ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in egypt , wahid found employment with the indonesian embassy .		what did he do there ?		the indonesian embassy in egypt was ordered to conduct an investigation into the political views of university students . this order was passed to wahid ,		what did he do ?		this order was passed to wahid , who was charged with writing the reports .		did he write them ?		i do n't know .		why was he displeased at the method of education ?		why was abdurrahman wahid displeased at the method of education ?
abdurrahman wahid		overseas education		did he teach oversees ?		i do n't know .		what did he teach ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in egypt , wahid found employment with the indonesian embassy .		what did he do there ?		the indonesian embassy in egypt was ordered to conduct an investigation into the political views of university students . this order was passed to wahid ,		what did he do ?		this order was passed to wahid , who was charged with writing the reports .		did he write them ?		i do n't know .		why was he displeased at the method of education ?		was disappointed as he had already studied many of the texts offered at the institute in java and disapproved of the rote learning method used by the university .		is there anything else noteworthy ?		aside from abdurrahman wahid 's overseas education , is there anything else noteworthy ?
abdurrahman wahid		overseas education		did he teach oversees ?		i do n't know .		what did he teach ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in egypt , wahid found employment with the indonesian embassy .		what did he do there ?		the indonesian embassy in egypt was ordered to conduct an investigation into the political views of university students . this order was passed to wahid ,		what did he do ?		this order was passed to wahid , who was charged with writing the reports .		did he write them ?		i do n't know .		why was he displeased at the method of education ?		was disappointed as he had already studied many of the texts offered at the institute in java and disapproved of the rote learning method used by the university .		is there anything else noteworthy ?		after completing his education at the university of baghdad in 1970 , wahid went to the netherlands to continue his education .		what did he study ?		what did abdurrahman wahid study ?
the mamas & the papas		1967 : the mamas & the papas deliver		what happened in 1967 ?		what happened in 1967 ?
the mamas & the papas		1967 : the mamas & the papas deliver		what happened in 1967 ?		the strain on the group was apparent when they performed indifferently at the first monterey international pop festival in june 1967 ,		what was the issue ?		what was the issue ?
the mamas & the papas		1967 : the mamas & the papas deliver		what happened in 1967 ?		the strain on the group was apparent when they performed indifferently at the first monterey international pop festival in june 1967 ,		what was the issue ?		the band was badly under - rehearsed -		did they start to practice more together after that ?		did the mamas & the papas start to practice more together after been badly under - rehearsed ?
the mamas & the papas		1967 : the mamas & the papas deliver		what happened in 1967 ?		the strain on the group was apparent when they performed indifferently at the first monterey international pop festival in june 1967 ,		what was the issue ?		the band was badly under - rehearsed -		did they start to practice more together after that ?		they rallied for their performance before 18,000 people at the hollywood bowl in august ( with jimi hendrix as the opener ) ,		did it reach bill board charts ?		did the mamas & the papas performance reach bill board charts ?
the mamas & the papas		1967 : the mamas & the papas deliver		what happened in 1967 ?		the strain on the group was apparent when they performed indifferently at the first monterey international pop festival in june 1967 ,		what was the issue ?		the band was badly under - rehearsed -		did they start to practice more together after that ?		they rallied for their performance before 18,000 people at the hollywood bowl in august ( with jimi hendrix as the opener ) ,		did it reach bill board charts ?		) . it reached number twenty - four in the us ,		did they still go on tour ?		did the mamas & the papas still go on tour ?
the mamas & the papas		1967 : the mamas & the papas deliver		what happened in 1967 ?		the strain on the group was apparent when they performed indifferently at the first monterey international pop festival in june 1967 ,		what was the issue ?		the band was badly under - rehearsed -		did they start to practice more together after that ?		they rallied for their performance before 18,000 people at the hollywood bowl in august ( with jimi hendrix as the opener ) ,		did it reach bill board charts ?		) . it reached number twenty - four in the us ,		did they still go on tour ?		i do n't know .		what was the mamas & the papas deliver ?		what was the mamas & the papas deliver ?
the mamas & the papas		1967 : the mamas & the papas deliver		what happened in 1967 ?		the strain on the group was apparent when they performed indifferently at the first monterey international pop festival in june 1967 ,		what was the issue ?		the band was badly under - rehearsed -		did they start to practice more together after that ?		they rallied for their performance before 18,000 people at the hollywood bowl in august ( with jimi hendrix as the opener ) ,		did it reach bill board charts ?		) . it reached number twenty - four in the us ,		did they still go on tour ?		i do n't know .		what was the mamas & the papas deliver ?		" look through my window " ,		did the album do well ?		did look through my window do well ?
the mamas & the papas		1967 : the mamas & the papas deliver		what happened in 1967 ?		the strain on the group was apparent when they performed indifferently at the first monterey international pop festival in june 1967 ,		what was the issue ?		the band was badly under - rehearsed -		did they start to practice more together after that ?		they rallied for their performance before 18,000 people at the hollywood bowl in august ( with jimi hendrix as the opener ) ,		did it reach bill board charts ?		) . it reached number twenty - four in the us ,		did they still go on tour ?		i do n't know .		what was the mamas & the papas deliver ?		" look through my window " ,		did the album do well ?		) . it reached number twenty - four in the us ,		anything thing else interesting about this time period ?		besides reaching number twenty - four in the us anything thing else interesting about 1967 ?
the mamas & the papas		1967 : the mamas & the papas deliver		what happened in 1967 ?		the strain on the group was apparent when they performed indifferently at the first monterey international pop festival in june 1967 ,		what was the issue ?		the band was badly under - rehearsed -		did they start to practice more together after that ?		they rallied for their performance before 18,000 people at the hollywood bowl in august ( with jimi hendrix as the opener ) ,		did it reach bill board charts ?		) . it reached number twenty - four in the us ,		did they still go on tour ?		i do n't know .		what was the mamas & the papas deliver ?		" look through my window " ,		did the album do well ?		) . it reached number twenty - four in the us ,		anything thing else interesting about this time period ?		deliver was followed in october 1967 by the non - album single "		did they win any awards ?		did the mamas & the papas win any awards ?
chinua achebe		university		what university did achebe attend ?		what university did chinua achebe attend ?
chinua achebe		university		what university did achebe attend ?		university college ( now the university of ibadan		what year did he attend ?		what year did chinua achebe attend university ?
chinua achebe		university		what university did achebe attend ?		university college ( now the university of ibadan		what year did he attend ?		1948 ,		what did he study at the university ?		what did chinua achebe study at the university ?
chinua achebe		university		what university did achebe attend ?		university college ( now the university of ibadan		what year did he attend ?		1948 ,		what did he study at the university ?		he abandoned the study of medicine and changed to english , history , and theology . because he switched his field , however ,		what happened when he changed his field of study ?		what happened when chinua achebe changed his field of study ?
chinua achebe		university		what university did achebe attend ?		university college ( now the university of ibadan		what year did he attend ?		1948 ,		what did he study at the university ?		he abandoned the study of medicine and changed to english , history , and theology . because he switched his field , however ,		what happened when he changed his field of study ?		he lost his scholarship and had to pay tuition fees . he received a government bursary , and his family also donated money - his older brother		how did his older brother help with his tuition ?		how did chinua achebe 's older brother help with chinua achebe 's university tuition ?
chinua achebe		university		what university did achebe attend ?		university college ( now the university of ibadan		what year did he attend ?		1948 ,		what did he study at the university ?		he abandoned the study of medicine and changed to english , history , and theology . because he switched his field , however ,		what happened when he changed his field of study ?		he lost his scholarship and had to pay tuition fees . he received a government bursary , and his family also donated money - his older brother		how did his older brother help with his tuition ?		his older brother augustine gave up money for a trip home from his job as a civil servant so chinua could continue his studies .		did achebe finish his education ?		did chinua achebe finish his education at university college ?
chinua achebe		university		what university did achebe attend ?		university college ( now the university of ibadan		what year did he attend ?		1948 ,		what did he study at the university ?		he abandoned the study of medicine and changed to english , history , and theology . because he switched his field , however ,		what happened when he changed his field of study ?		he lost his scholarship and had to pay tuition fees . he received a government bursary , and his family also donated money - his older brother		how did his older brother help with his tuition ?		his older brother augustine gave up money for a trip home from his job as a civil servant so chinua could continue his studies .		did achebe finish his education ?		after the final examinations at ibadan in 1953 , achebe was awarded a second - class degree .		did he ever further his education after 1953 ?		did chinua achebe ever further his education after 1953 ?
chinua achebe		university		what university did achebe attend ?		university college ( now the university of ibadan		what year did he attend ?		1948 ,		what did he study at the university ?		he abandoned the study of medicine and changed to english , history , and theology . because he switched his field , however ,		what happened when he changed his field of study ?		he lost his scholarship and had to pay tuition fees . he received a government bursary , and his family also donated money - his older brother		how did his older brother help with his tuition ?		his older brother augustine gave up money for a trip home from his job as a civil servant so chinua could continue his studies .		did achebe finish his education ?		after the final examinations at ibadan in 1953 , achebe was awarded a second - class degree .		did he ever further his education after 1953 ?		i do n't know .		did he return to the university ?		did chinua achebe return to the university after achebe was being awarded a second - class degree ?
chinua achebe		university		what university did achebe attend ?		university college ( now the university of ibadan		what year did he attend ?		1948 ,		what did he study at the university ?		he abandoned the study of medicine and changed to english , history , and theology . because he switched his field , however ,		what happened when he changed his field of study ?		he lost his scholarship and had to pay tuition fees . he received a government bursary , and his family also donated money - his older brother		how did his older brother help with his tuition ?		his older brother augustine gave up money for a trip home from his job as a civil servant so chinua could continue his studies .		did achebe finish his education ?		after the final examinations at ibadan in 1953 , achebe was awarded a second - class degree .		did he ever further his education after 1953 ?		i do n't know .		did he return to the university ?		he returned to his hometown of ogidi to sort through his options .		did he do anything after he returned home ?		did chinua achebe do anything after he returned home from university ?
arapaho		early history		what was the earliest record of the arapaho ?		what was the earliest record of the arapaho ?
arapaho		early history		what was the earliest record of the arapaho ?		around 3,000 years ago , the ancestral arapaho - speaking people ( heeteinono'eino ' ) lived in the western great lakes region along the red river valley		who was the chief of the tribe ?		who was the chief of the arapaho ?
arapaho		early history		what was the earliest record of the arapaho ?		around 3,000 years ago , the ancestral arapaho - speaking people ( heeteinono'eino ' ) lived in the western great lakes region along the red river valley		who was the chief of the tribe ?		i do n't know .		how many arapaho were there ?		how many arapaho were there ?
arapaho		early history		what was the earliest record of the arapaho ?		around 3,000 years ago , the ancestral arapaho - speaking people ( heeteinono'eino ' ) lived in the western great lakes region along the red river valley		who was the chief of the tribe ?		i do n't know .		how many arapaho were there ?		i do n't know .		what can you tell me about the tribe ?		what can you tell me about the arapaho ?
arapaho		early history		what was the earliest record of the arapaho ?		around 3,000 years ago , the ancestral arapaho - speaking people ( heeteinono'eino ' ) lived in the western great lakes region along the red river valley		who was the chief of the tribe ?		i do n't know .		how many arapaho were there ?		i do n't know .		what can you tell me about the tribe ?		the ancestors of the arapaho people entered the great plains from the western great lakes region sometime before 1700 .		what made them enter a new territory ?		what made the arapaho enter a new territory ?
arapaho		early history		what was the earliest record of the arapaho ?		around 3,000 years ago , the ancestral arapaho - speaking people ( heeteinono'eino ' ) lived in the western great lakes region along the red river valley		who was the chief of the tribe ?		i do n't know .		how many arapaho were there ?		i do n't know .		what can you tell me about the tribe ?		the ancestors of the arapaho people entered the great plains from the western great lakes region sometime before 1700 .		what made them enter a new territory ?		during their early history on the plains , the arapaho lived on the northern plains from the south saskatchewan river in canada south to montana , wyoming , and western south dakota .		what did the arapaho do ?		what did the arapaho do ?
arapaho		early history		what was the earliest record of the arapaho ?		around 3,000 years ago , the ancestral arapaho - speaking people ( heeteinono'eino ' ) lived in the western great lakes region along the red river valley		who was the chief of the tribe ?		i do n't know .		how many arapaho were there ?		i do n't know .		what can you tell me about the tribe ?		the ancestors of the arapaho people entered the great plains from the western great lakes region sometime before 1700 .		what made them enter a new territory ?		during their early history on the plains , the arapaho lived on the northern plains from the south saskatchewan river in canada south to montana , wyoming , and western south dakota .		what did the arapaho do ?		gradually , the arapaho moved farther south , split into the closely allied northern and southern arapaho , and established a large joint territory spanning land in southern montana ,		did they have conflict with other tribes ?		did the arapaho have conflict with other tribes ?
arapaho		expansion on the plains		when was the expansion ?		when was the expansion ?
arapaho		expansion on the plains		when was the expansion ?		began to expand on the plains		what expanded ?		what expanded on the plains ?
arapaho		expansion on the plains		when was the expansion ?		began to expand on the plains		what expanded ?		the arapaho		what was special about the expansion ?		what was special about the expansion ?
arapaho		expansion on the plains		when was the expansion ?		began to expand on the plains		what expanded ?		the arapaho		what was special about the expansion ?		through trade , warfare , and alliances with other plains tribes .		who did they trade with ?		who did arapaho trade with ?
arapaho		expansion on the plains		when was the expansion ?		began to expand on the plains		what expanded ?		the arapaho		what was special about the expansion ?		through trade , warfare , and alliances with other plains tribes .		who did they trade with ?		the arapaho made an alliance with the cheyenne (		who did they go to war with ?		who did arapaho go to war with ?
arapaho		expansion on the plains		when was the expansion ?		began to expand on the plains		what expanded ?		the arapaho		what was special about the expansion ?		through trade , warfare , and alliances with other plains tribes .		who did they trade with ?		the arapaho made an alliance with the cheyenne (		who did they go to war with ?		the kiowa ( niiciiheihiinenno ' ; kiowa tribe : niiciiheihiiteen ) and invading comanche		what types of things did they trade ?		what types of things did arapaho trade ?
arapaho		expansion on the plains		when was the expansion ?		began to expand on the plains		what expanded ?		the arapaho		what was special about the expansion ?		through trade , warfare , and alliances with other plains tribes .		who did they trade with ?		the arapaho made an alliance with the cheyenne (		who did they go to war with ?		the kiowa ( niiciiheihiinenno ' ; kiowa tribe : niiciiheihiiteen ) and invading comanche		what types of things did they trade ?		mostly bison hides and beaver furs for european goods such as firearms .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to arapaho expansion and trade , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
jason white ( musician )		green day and related work ( 1994-present )		what does green day work entail ?		what does green day 's work entail ?
jason white ( musician )		green day and related work ( 1994-present )		what does green day work entail ?		) . in 1994 , white joined punk quartet pinhead gunpowder after the departure of singer / guitarist sarah kirsch ( with whom white had played the previous year in sixteen bullets ) .		what was the theme of that work ?		what was the theme of green day 's work ?
jason white ( musician )		green day and related work ( 1994-present )		what does green day work entail ?		) . in 1994 , white joined punk quartet pinhead gunpowder after the departure of singer / guitarist sarah kirsch ( with whom white had played the previous year in sixteen bullets ) .		what was the theme of that work ?		i do n't know .		what are some of the green day related works ?		what are some of the green day related works ?
jason white ( musician )		green day and related work ( 1994-present )		what does green day work entail ?		) . in 1994 , white joined punk quartet pinhead gunpowder after the departure of singer / guitarist sarah kirsch ( with whom white had played the previous year in sixteen bullets ) .		what was the theme of that work ?		i do n't know .		what are some of the green day related works ?		with the release of american idiot , white was required again to play with the band during the supporting tour of the album .		did he follow up with that tour ?		did white follow up with the supporting tour for american idiot ?
jason white ( musician )		green day and related work ( 1994-present )		what does green day work entail ?		) . in 1994 , white joined punk quartet pinhead gunpowder after the departure of singer / guitarist sarah kirsch ( with whom white had played the previous year in sixteen bullets ) .		what was the theme of that work ?		i do n't know .		what are some of the green day related works ?		with the release of american idiot , white was required again to play with the band during the supporting tour of the album .		did he follow up with that tour ?		i do n't know .		did he do more green day related works ?		did white do more green day related works beside the supporting tour for american idiot ?
jason white ( musician )		green day and related work ( 1994-present )		what does green day work entail ?		) . in 1994 , white joined punk quartet pinhead gunpowder after the departure of singer / guitarist sarah kirsch ( with whom white had played the previous year in sixteen bullets ) .		what was the theme of that work ?		i do n't know .		what are some of the green day related works ?		with the release of american idiot , white was required again to play with the band during the supporting tour of the album .		did he follow up with that tour ?		i do n't know .		did he do more green day related works ?		in 2008 , white joined green day 's side project foxboro hot tubs as lead guitarist along with kevin preston of prima donna on rhythm guitar .		how did the project go ?		how did the foxboro hot tubs project go ?
b - boy		combat zone wrestling ( 2003 - 2010 , 2016-present )		what was his involvement with combat zone wrestling ?		what was b - boy 's involvement with combat zone wrestling ?
b - boy		combat zone wrestling ( 2003 - 2010 , 2016-present )		what was his involvement with combat zone wrestling ?		in combat zone wrestling ( czw ) , cuntapay , using the name b - boy , joined the hi v faction ,		why did he leave it in 2010 ?		why did b - boy leave in 2010 ?
b - boy		combat zone wrestling ( 2003 - 2010 , 2016-present )		what was his involvement with combat zone wrestling ?		in combat zone wrestling ( czw ) , cuntapay , using the name b - boy , joined the hi v faction ,		why did he leave it in 2010 ?		he held the championship for two weeks , before losing it to jon moxley on february 13 .		why did he go back in 2016 ?		why did b - boy go back in 2016 ?
b - boy		combat zone wrestling ( 2003 - 2010 , 2016-present )		what was his involvement with combat zone wrestling ?		in combat zone wrestling ( czw ) , cuntapay , using the name b - boy , joined the hi v faction ,		why did he leave it in 2010 ?		he held the championship for two weeks , before losing it to jon moxley on february 13 .		why did he go back in 2016 ?		i do n't know .		is he still wrestling today ?		is b - boy still wrestling today ?
b - boy		combat zone wrestling ( 2003 - 2010 , 2016-present )		what was his involvement with combat zone wrestling ?		in combat zone wrestling ( czw ) , cuntapay , using the name b - boy , joined the hi v faction ,		why did he leave it in 2010 ?		he held the championship for two weeks , before losing it to jon moxley on february 13 .		why did he go back in 2016 ?		i do n't know .		is he still wrestling today ?		i do n't know .		what was one of his accomplishments with combat zone wrestling ?		what was one of b - boy 's accomplishments with combat zone wrestling ?
b - boy		combat zone wrestling ( 2003 - 2010 , 2016-present )		what was his involvement with combat zone wrestling ?		in combat zone wrestling ( czw ) , cuntapay , using the name b - boy , joined the hi v faction ,		why did he leave it in 2010 ?		he held the championship for two weeks , before losing it to jon moxley on february 13 .		why did he go back in 2016 ?		i do n't know .		is he still wrestling today ?		i do n't know .		what was one of his accomplishments with combat zone wrestling ?		he held the championship for two weeks ,		what was another accomplishment ?		what was another accomplishment ?
b - boy		combat zone wrestling ( 2003 - 2010 , 2016-present )		what was his involvement with combat zone wrestling ?		in combat zone wrestling ( czw ) , cuntapay , using the name b - boy , joined the hi v faction ,		why did he leave it in 2010 ?		he held the championship for two weeks , before losing it to jon moxley on february 13 .		why did he go back in 2016 ?		i do n't know .		is he still wrestling today ?		i do n't know .		what was one of his accomplishments with combat zone wrestling ?		he held the championship for two weeks ,		what was another accomplishment ?		won the czw world heavyweight championship ,		what did he do after that ?		what did b - boy do after winning the czw world heavyweight championship ?
b - boy		combat zone wrestling ( 2003 - 2010 , 2016-present )		what was his involvement with combat zone wrestling ?		in combat zone wrestling ( czw ) , cuntapay , using the name b - boy , joined the hi v faction ,		why did he leave it in 2010 ?		he held the championship for two weeks , before losing it to jon moxley on february 13 .		why did he go back in 2016 ?		i do n't know .		is he still wrestling today ?		i do n't know .		what was one of his accomplishments with combat zone wrestling ?		he held the championship for two weeks ,		what was another accomplishment ?		won the czw world heavyweight championship ,		what did he do after that ?		he held the championship for two weeks , before losing it to jon moxley		has he gotten any recognition or honors for his accomplishments ?		has b - boy gotten any recognition or honors for his accomplishments ?
b - boy		combat zone wrestling ( 2003 - 2010 , 2016-present )		what was his involvement with combat zone wrestling ?		in combat zone wrestling ( czw ) , cuntapay , using the name b - boy , joined the hi v faction ,		why did he leave it in 2010 ?		he held the championship for two weeks , before losing it to jon moxley on february 13 .		why did he go back in 2016 ?		i do n't know .		is he still wrestling today ?		i do n't know .		what was one of his accomplishments with combat zone wrestling ?		he held the championship for two weeks ,		what was another accomplishment ?		won the czw world heavyweight championship ,		what did he do after that ?		he held the championship for two weeks , before losing it to jon moxley		has he gotten any recognition or honors for his accomplishments ?		i do n't know .		what other awards has he won ?		besides winning the czw world heavyweight championship what other awards has b - boy won ?
b - boy		combat zone wrestling ( 2003 - 2010 , 2016-present )		what was his involvement with combat zone wrestling ?		in combat zone wrestling ( czw ) , cuntapay , using the name b - boy , joined the hi v faction ,		why did he leave it in 2010 ?		he held the championship for two weeks , before losing it to jon moxley on february 13 .		why did he go back in 2016 ?		i do n't know .		is he still wrestling today ?		i do n't know .		what was one of his accomplishments with combat zone wrestling ?		he held the championship for two weeks ,		what was another accomplishment ?		won the czw world heavyweight championship ,		what did he do after that ?		he held the championship for two weeks , before losing it to jon moxley		has he gotten any recognition or honors for his accomplishments ?		i do n't know .		what other awards has he won ?		i do n't know .		any other interesting information in the article ?		in addition to winning the czw world heavyweight championship any other interesting information in the article ?
b - boy		combat zone wrestling ( 2003 - 2010 , 2016-present )		what was his involvement with combat zone wrestling ?		in combat zone wrestling ( czw ) , cuntapay , using the name b - boy , joined the hi v faction ,		why did he leave it in 2010 ?		he held the championship for two weeks , before losing it to jon moxley on february 13 .		why did he go back in 2016 ?		i do n't know .		is he still wrestling today ?		i do n't know .		what was one of his accomplishments with combat zone wrestling ?		he held the championship for two weeks ,		what was another accomplishment ?		won the czw world heavyweight championship ,		what did he do after that ?		he held the championship for two weeks , before losing it to jon moxley		has he gotten any recognition or honors for his accomplishments ?		i do n't know .		what other awards has he won ?		i do n't know .		any other interesting information in the article ?		b - boy lost the championship to frankie the mobster on february 5 , 2005 at only the strong : scarred for life .		what other fights did he lose ?		besides lossing the championship to frankie the mobster what other fights did b - boy lose ?
b - boy		combat zone wrestling ( 2003 - 2010 , 2016-present )		what was his involvement with combat zone wrestling ?		in combat zone wrestling ( czw ) , cuntapay , using the name b - boy , joined the hi v faction ,		why did he leave it in 2010 ?		he held the championship for two weeks , before losing it to jon moxley on february 13 .		why did he go back in 2016 ?		i do n't know .		is he still wrestling today ?		i do n't know .		what was one of his accomplishments with combat zone wrestling ?		he held the championship for two weeks ,		what was another accomplishment ?		won the czw world heavyweight championship ,		what did he do after that ?		he held the championship for two weeks , before losing it to jon moxley		has he gotten any recognition or honors for his accomplishments ?		i do n't know .		what other awards has he won ?		i do n't know .		any other interesting information in the article ?		b - boy lost the championship to frankie the mobster on february 5 , 2005 at only the strong : scarred for life .		what other fights did he lose ?		on april 2 , 2005 , b - boy unsuccessfully challenged ruckus for the czw world heavyweight championship ,		what was his most recent fight ?		what was b - boy 's most recent fight ?
gerardus mercator		leuven 1543 - 1552		what is leuven ?		what does 1543 - 1552 represent for gerardus mercator ?
gerardus mercator		leuven 1543 - 1552		what is leuven ?		his time in leuven		where is leuven ?		where is leuven ?
gerardus mercator		leuven 1543 - 1552		what is leuven ?		his time in leuven		where is leuven ?		i do n't know .		how long was he in leuven ?		how long was gerardus mercator in leuven ?
gerardus mercator		leuven 1543 - 1552		what is leuven ?		his time in leuven		where is leuven ?		i do n't know .		how long was he in leuven ?		i do n't know .		why was he in leuven ?		why was gerardus mercator in leuven ?
gerardus mercator		leuven 1543 - 1552		what is leuven ?		his time in leuven		where is leuven ?		i do n't know .		how long was he in leuven ?		i do n't know .		why was he in leuven ?		he turned back to his work .		when did he arrive in leuven ?		when did gerardus mercator arrive in leuven ?
franz ferdinand ( band )		tonight : franz ferdinand ( 2007 - 2009 )		what is tonight : franz ferdinand ?		what is tonight : franz ferdinand ?
franz ferdinand ( band )		tonight : franz ferdinand ( 2007 - 2009 )		what is tonight : franz ferdinand ?		third studio album ,		was the album successful ?		was tonight : franz ferdinand successful ?
franz ferdinand ( band )		tonight : franz ferdinand ( 2007 - 2009 )		what is tonight : franz ferdinand ?		third studio album ,		was the album successful ?		it fared better in spain and japan where it reached no . 2 and no . 3 respectively .		what were some of its singles ?		what were some of the tonight : franz ferdinand singles ?
franz ferdinand ( band )		tonight : franz ferdinand ( 2007 - 2009 )		what is tonight : franz ferdinand ?		third studio album ,		was the album successful ?		it fared better in spain and japan where it reached no . 2 and no . 3 respectively .		what were some of its singles ?		the song " ulysses " was chosen to be the first single		did any of the singles chart ?		did any of the singles from tonight : franz ferdinand chart ?
tank man		incident		when did the incident occur ?		when did the tank man incident occur ?
tank man		incident		when did the incident occur ?		on june 5 , 1989 ,		what happened ?		what happened during the tank man incident ?
tank man		incident		when did the incident occur ?		on june 5 , 1989 ,		what happened ?		the man stood in the middle of the wide avenue , directly in the path of a column of approaching type 59 tanks .		did the tanks stop ?		did the tanks stop on june 5 , 1989 ?
tank man		incident		when did the incident occur ?		on june 5 , 1989 ,		what happened ?		the man stood in the middle of the wide avenue , directly in the path of a column of approaching type 59 tanks .		did the tanks stop ?		after repeatedly attempting to go around rather than crush the man , the lead tank stopped its engines ,		what was the reaction to the event ?		what was the reaction to the tank man event of june 5 , 1989 ?
tank man		incident		when did the incident occur ?		on june 5 , 1989 ,		what happened ?		the man stood in the middle of the wide avenue , directly in the path of a column of approaching type 59 tanks .		did the tanks stop ?		after repeatedly attempting to go around rather than crush the man , the lead tank stopped its engines ,		what was the reaction to the event ?		time included the " unknown rebel " in a feature titled " time 100 : the most important people of the century " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article , besides the time 100 feature ? ?
purple haze		composition		who composed purple haze ?		who composed purple haze ?
purple haze		composition		who composed purple haze ?		hendrix 's techniques " all contributed to the dirty , raw , metallic , [ and ] angular sounds " heard in the song ,		how long did it take to make the song ?		how long did it take to create the song purple haze ?
purple haze		composition		who composed purple haze ?		hendrix 's techniques " all contributed to the dirty , raw , metallic , [ and ] angular sounds " heard in the song ,		how long did it take to make the song ?		i do n't know .		what are some other things about the composition of the song that are noteworthy ?		what are some other things about the composition of the song purple haze that are noteworthy other than hendrix 's techniques ?
purple haze		composition		who composed purple haze ?		hendrix 's techniques " all contributed to the dirty , raw , metallic , [ and ] angular sounds " heard in the song ,		how long did it take to make the song ?		i do n't know .		what are some other things about the composition of the song that are noteworthy ?		biographer david henderson describes hendrix 's guitar tone as " at the razor edge of distort " . however , individual notes are still clear ,		what was so special about the song ?		what was so special about the song purple haze ?
purple haze		composition		who composed purple haze ?		hendrix 's techniques " all contributed to the dirty , raw , metallic , [ and ] angular sounds " heard in the song ,		how long did it take to make the song ?		i do n't know .		what are some other things about the composition of the song that are noteworthy ?		biographer david henderson describes hendrix 's guitar tone as " at the razor edge of distort " . however , individual notes are still clear ,		what was so special about the song ?		the tension is maintained until the guitar solo , which " arrives as something of a release rather than a further racking up of the atmosphere . "		did other artist like the song ?		aside for biographer david henderson , did other artists like the song purple haze ?
purple haze		composition		who composed purple haze ?		hendrix 's techniques " all contributed to the dirty , raw , metallic , [ and ] angular sounds " heard in the song ,		how long did it take to make the song ?		i do n't know .		what are some other things about the composition of the song that are noteworthy ?		biographer david henderson describes hendrix 's guitar tone as " at the razor edge of distort " . however , individual notes are still clear ,		what was so special about the song ?		the tension is maintained until the guitar solo , which " arrives as something of a release rather than a further racking up of the atmosphere . "		did other artist like the song ?		according to shadwick , " gives the impression that the guitar notes are flying off into the ether . "		did anyone help hendrix with the making of the song ?		did anyone help hendrix with the making of the song purple haze ?
purple haze		composition		who composed purple haze ?		hendrix 's techniques " all contributed to the dirty , raw , metallic , [ and ] angular sounds " heard in the song ,		how long did it take to make the song ?		i do n't know .		what are some other things about the composition of the song that are noteworthy ?		biographer david henderson describes hendrix 's guitar tone as " at the razor edge of distort " . however , individual notes are still clear ,		what was so special about the song ?		the tension is maintained until the guitar solo , which " arrives as something of a release rather than a further racking up of the atmosphere . "		did other artist like the song ?		according to shadwick , " gives the impression that the guitar notes are flying off into the ether . "		did anyone help hendrix with the making of the song ?		mitchell on drums comes in for the third measure , when hendrix introduces the riff that piqued chandler 's interest , and redding continues playing the octaves in e.		what was his inspiration for the song ?		what was hendrix 's inspiration for the song purple haze ?
purple haze		composition		who composed purple haze ?		hendrix 's techniques " all contributed to the dirty , raw , metallic , [ and ] angular sounds " heard in the song ,		how long did it take to make the song ?		i do n't know .		what are some other things about the composition of the song that are noteworthy ?		biographer david henderson describes hendrix 's guitar tone as " at the razor edge of distort " . however , individual notes are still clear ,		what was so special about the song ?		the tension is maintained until the guitar solo , which " arrives as something of a release rather than a further racking up of the atmosphere . "		did other artist like the song ?		according to shadwick , " gives the impression that the guitar notes are flying off into the ether . "		did anyone help hendrix with the making of the song ?		mitchell on drums comes in for the third measure , when hendrix introduces the riff that piqued chandler 's interest , and redding continues playing the octaves in e.		what was his inspiration for the song ?		i do n't know .		what else is important about the composition of the song ?		what else is important about the composition of the song purple haze other than the tension being maintained until the guitar solo ?
purple haze		releases and charts		where was purple haze released ?		where was purple haze released ?
purple haze		releases and charts		where was purple haze released ?		on march 17 , 1967 , " purple haze " was released in the uk		how did the song do on the music charts ?		how did purple haze do on the music charts ?
purple haze		releases and charts		where was purple haze released ?		on march 17 , 1967 , " purple haze " was released in the uk		how did the song do on the music charts ?		the single entered the charts at number 39 on record mirror and at number 43 on melody maker . it peaked at number three		when was the song released in the us ?		when was purple haze released in the us ?
purple haze		releases and charts		where was purple haze released ?		on march 17 , 1967 , " purple haze " was released in the uk		how did the song do on the music charts ?		the single entered the charts at number 39 on record mirror and at number 43 on melody maker . it peaked at number three		when was the song released in the us ?		it was released on june 19 , 1967 ,		what record company was hendrix with when he released it in the us ?		what record company was hendrix with when he released the song purple haze in the us ?
purple haze		releases and charts		where was purple haze released ?		on march 17 , 1967 , " purple haze " was released in the uk		how did the song do on the music charts ?		the single entered the charts at number 39 on record mirror and at number 43 on melody maker . it peaked at number three		when was the song released in the us ?		it was released on june 19 , 1967 ,		what record company was hendrix with when he released it in the us ?		track records .		was the song released with his album ?		was purple haze released with jimmy hendrix 's album ?
purple haze		releases and charts		where was purple haze released ?		on march 17 , 1967 , " purple haze " was released in the uk		how did the song do on the music charts ?		the single entered the charts at number 39 on record mirror and at number 43 on melody maker . it peaked at number three		when was the song released in the us ?		it was released on june 19 , 1967 ,		what record company was hendrix with when he released it in the us ?		track records .		was the song released with his album ?		purple haze " was included as the opening track on the american release of are you experienced		when did are you experienced come out ?		when did are you experienced come out ?
purple haze		releases and charts		where was purple haze released ?		on march 17 , 1967 , " purple haze " was released in the uk		how did the song do on the music charts ?		the single entered the charts at number 39 on record mirror and at number 43 on melody maker . it peaked at number three		when was the song released in the us ?		it was released on june 19 , 1967 ,		what record company was hendrix with when he released it in the us ?		track records .		was the song released with his album ?		purple haze " was included as the opening track on the american release of are you experienced		when did are you experienced come out ?		august 23 , 1967 .		where else was purple haze released ?		aside from the us , where else was purple haze released ?
purple haze		releases and charts		where was purple haze released ?		on march 17 , 1967 , " purple haze " was released in the uk		how did the song do on the music charts ?		the single entered the charts at number 39 on record mirror and at number 43 on melody maker . it peaked at number three		when was the song released in the us ?		it was released on june 19 , 1967 ,		what record company was hendrix with when he released it in the us ?		track records .		was the song released with his album ?		purple haze " was included as the opening track on the american release of are you experienced		when did are you experienced come out ?		august 23 , 1967 .		where else was purple haze released ?		purple haze " appears on numerous compilation albums .		how did the fans respond to the song ?		how did the fans respond to purple haze ?
henryk grecki		style and compositions		what was his style like ?		what was henryk grecki 's style like ?
henryk grecki		style and compositions		what was his style like ?		gorecki 's music covers a variety of styles , but tends towards relative harmonic and rhythmical simplicity .		how about his compositions		how about the compositions of henryk grecki ?
henryk grecki		style and compositions		what was his style like ?		gorecki 's music covers a variety of styles , but tends towards relative harmonic and rhythmical simplicity .		how about his compositions		his first works , dating from the last half of the 1950s , were in the avant - garde style of webern and other serialists of that time .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from the compositions and style of henryk grecki , are there any other interesting aspects about henryk grecki ? ?
henryk grecki		style and compositions		what was his style like ?		gorecki 's music covers a variety of styles , but tends towards relative harmonic and rhythmical simplicity .		how about his compositions		his first works , dating from the last half of the 1950s , were in the avant - garde style of webern and other serialists of that time .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		danuta mirka has shown that gorecki 's compositional techniques in the 1960s		what songs he made		what songs did henryk grecki make ?
henryk grecki		style and compositions		what was his style like ?		gorecki 's music covers a variety of styles , but tends towards relative harmonic and rhythmical simplicity .		how about his compositions		his first works , dating from the last half of the 1950s , were in the avant - garde style of webern and other serialists of that time .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		danuta mirka has shown that gorecki 's compositional techniques in the 1960s		what songs he made		epitaph ( 1958 ) , first symphony ( 1959 ) , and scontri ( 1960 ) ( mirka 2004 , p. 305 ) .		did any hit the billboard		did any of henryk grecki 's songs hit the billboard ?
henryk grecki		style and compositions		what was his style like ?		gorecki 's music covers a variety of styles , but tends towards relative harmonic and rhythmical simplicity .		how about his compositions		his first works , dating from the last half of the 1950s , were in the avant - garde style of webern and other serialists of that time .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		danuta mirka has shown that gorecki 's compositional techniques in the 1960s		what songs he made		epitaph ( 1958 ) , first symphony ( 1959 ) , and scontri ( 1960 ) ( mirka 2004 , p. 305 ) .		did any hit the billboard		i do n't know .		what else was going on with henryk		besides henryk grecki making songs , what else was going on with henryk ?
henryk grecki		style and compositions		what was his style like ?		gorecki 's music covers a variety of styles , but tends towards relative harmonic and rhythmical simplicity .		how about his compositions		his first works , dating from the last half of the 1950s , were in the avant - garde style of webern and other serialists of that time .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		danuta mirka has shown that gorecki 's compositional techniques in the 1960s		what songs he made		epitaph ( 1958 ) , first symphony ( 1959 ) , and scontri ( 1960 ) ( mirka 2004 , p. 305 ) .		did any hit the billboard		i do n't know .		what else was going on with henryk		during the middle 1960s and early 1970s , gorecki progressively moved away from his early career as radical modernist ,		where did he move to		where did henryk grecki move to ?
henryk grecki		style and compositions		what was his style like ?		gorecki 's music covers a variety of styles , but tends towards relative harmonic and rhythmical simplicity .		how about his compositions		his first works , dating from the last half of the 1950s , were in the avant - garde style of webern and other serialists of that time .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		danuta mirka has shown that gorecki 's compositional techniques in the 1960s		what songs he made		epitaph ( 1958 ) , first symphony ( 1959 ) , and scontri ( 1960 ) ( mirka 2004 , p. 305 ) .		did any hit the billboard		i do n't know .		what else was going on with henryk		during the middle 1960s and early 1970s , gorecki progressively moved away from his early career as radical modernist ,		where did he move to		moved away from his early career as radical modernist , and began to compose with a more traditional , romantic mode of expression .		was he successful		was henryk grecki successful ?
henryk grecki		style and compositions		what was his style like ?		gorecki 's music covers a variety of styles , but tends towards relative harmonic and rhythmical simplicity .		how about his compositions		his first works , dating from the last half of the 1950s , were in the avant - garde style of webern and other serialists of that time .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		danuta mirka has shown that gorecki 's compositional techniques in the 1960s		what songs he made		epitaph ( 1958 ) , first symphony ( 1959 ) , and scontri ( 1960 ) ( mirka 2004 , p. 305 ) .		did any hit the billboard		i do n't know .		what else was going on with henryk		during the middle 1960s and early 1970s , gorecki progressively moved away from his early career as radical modernist ,		where did he move to		moved away from his early career as radical modernist , and began to compose with a more traditional , romantic mode of expression .		was he successful		by the mid-1970s gorecki was no longer regarded as a composer that mattered .		what was he considered in the 1970s		what songs of henryk grecki was considered in the 1970s ?
henryk grecki		style and compositions		what was his style like ?		gorecki 's music covers a variety of styles , but tends towards relative harmonic and rhythmical simplicity .		how about his compositions		his first works , dating from the last half of the 1950s , were in the avant - garde style of webern and other serialists of that time .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		danuta mirka has shown that gorecki 's compositional techniques in the 1960s		what songs he made		epitaph ( 1958 ) , first symphony ( 1959 ) , and scontri ( 1960 ) ( mirka 2004 , p. 305 ) .		did any hit the billboard		i do n't know .		what else was going on with henryk		during the middle 1960s and early 1970s , gorecki progressively moved away from his early career as radical modernist ,		where did he move to		moved away from his early career as radical modernist , and began to compose with a more traditional , romantic mode of expression .		was he successful		by the mid-1970s gorecki was no longer regarded as a composer that mattered .		what was he considered in the 1970s		his " new material was no longer cerebral and sparse ; rather , it was intensely expressive , persistently rhythmic and often richly colored in the darkest of orchestral hues " .		how did the fans feel toward him		how did henryk grecki 's fans feel toward henryk grecki ?
henryk grecki		style and compositions		what was his style like ?		gorecki 's music covers a variety of styles , but tends towards relative harmonic and rhythmical simplicity .		how about his compositions		his first works , dating from the last half of the 1950s , were in the avant - garde style of webern and other serialists of that time .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		danuta mirka has shown that gorecki 's compositional techniques in the 1960s		what songs he made		epitaph ( 1958 ) , first symphony ( 1959 ) , and scontri ( 1960 ) ( mirka 2004 , p. 305 ) .		did any hit the billboard		i do n't know .		what else was going on with henryk		during the middle 1960s and early 1970s , gorecki progressively moved away from his early career as radical modernist ,		where did he move to		moved away from his early career as radical modernist , and began to compose with a more traditional , romantic mode of expression .		was he successful		by the mid-1970s gorecki was no longer regarded as a composer that mattered .		what was he considered in the 1970s		his " new material was no longer cerebral and sparse ; rather , it was intensely expressive , persistently rhythmic and often richly colored in the darkest of orchestral hues " .		how did the fans feel toward him		i do n't know .		anything else you enjoyed reading		is there anything else you enjoyed reading about henryk grecki aside from henryk grecki 's style and songs ?
henryk grecki		early years		what happened in henryk 's early years ?		what happened in henryk grecki 's early years ?
henryk grecki		early years		what happened in henryk 's early years ?		henryk gorecki was born on december 6 , 1933 ,		where was he born ?		where was henryk grecki born ?
henryk grecki		early years		what happened in henryk 's early years ?		henryk gorecki was born on december 6 , 1933 ,		where was he born ?		in the village of czernica ,		what about his parents ?		what about henryk grecki 's parents ?
henryk grecki		early years		what happened in henryk 's early years ?		henryk gorecki was born on december 6 , 1933 ,		where was he born ?		in the village of czernica ,		what about his parents ?		the gorecki family lived modestly , though both parents had a love of music .		did he lived in czernica his whole life ?		did henryk grecki live in czernica his whole life ?
henryk grecki		early years		what happened in henryk 's early years ?		henryk gorecki was born on december 6 , 1933 ,		where was he born ?		in the village of czernica ,		what about his parents ?		the gorecki family lived modestly , though both parents had a love of music .		did he lived in czernica his whole life ?		silesian voivodeship , southwest poland .		when did he move to silesian voivodeship ?		when did henryk grecki move to silesian voivodeship ?
henryk grecki		early years		what happened in henryk 's early years ?		henryk gorecki was born on december 6 , 1933 ,		where was he born ?		in the village of czernica ,		what about his parents ?		the gorecki family lived modestly , though both parents had a love of music .		did he lived in czernica his whole life ?		silesian voivodeship , southwest poland .		when did he move to silesian voivodeship ?		in present - day		did he get formal education ?		did henryk grecki get formal education ?
henryk grecki		early years		what happened in henryk 's early years ?		henryk gorecki was born on december 6 , 1933 ,		where was he born ?		in the village of czernica ,		what about his parents ?		the gorecki family lived modestly , though both parents had a love of music .		did he lived in czernica his whole life ?		silesian voivodeship , southwest poland .		when did he move to silesian voivodeship ?		in present - day		did he get formal education ?		he studied in the szafrankowie brothers state school of music		in what year did this happen ?		in what year did henryk grecki study in the szafrankowie brothers state school of music ?
henryk grecki		early years		what happened in henryk 's early years ?		henryk gorecki was born on december 6 , 1933 ,		where was he born ?		in the village of czernica ,		what about his parents ?		the gorecki family lived modestly , though both parents had a love of music .		did he lived in czernica his whole life ?		silesian voivodeship , southwest poland .		when did he move to silesian voivodeship ?		in present - day		did he get formal education ?		he studied in the szafrankowie brothers state school of music		in what year did this happen ?		in early 1950s		what else happened in his early years ?		what else happened in henryk grecki 's early years besides studying in the szafrankowie brothers state school of music and moving to silesian voivodeship , southwest poland ?
henryk grecki		early years		what happened in henryk 's early years ?		henryk gorecki was born on december 6 , 1933 ,		where was he born ?		in the village of czernica ,		what about his parents ?		the gorecki family lived modestly , though both parents had a love of music .		did he lived in czernica his whole life ?		silesian voivodeship , southwest poland .		when did he move to silesian voivodeship ?		in present - day		did he get formal education ?		he studied in the szafrankowie brothers state school of music		in what year did this happen ?		in early 1950s		what else happened in his early years ?		later studied at the state higher school of music in katowice between 1955 and 1960 .		did he receive any education after that ?		did henryk grecki receive any education after studying at the state higher school of music in katowic ?
henryk grecki		early years		what happened in henryk 's early years ?		henryk gorecki was born on december 6 , 1933 ,		where was he born ?		in the village of czernica ,		what about his parents ?		the gorecki family lived modestly , though both parents had a love of music .		did he lived in czernica his whole life ?		silesian voivodeship , southwest poland .		when did he move to silesian voivodeship ?		in present - day		did he get formal education ?		he studied in the szafrankowie brothers state school of music		in what year did this happen ?		in early 1950s		what else happened in his early years ?		later studied at the state higher school of music in katowice between 1955 and 1960 .		did he receive any education after that ?		i do n't know .		how did he get started with music ?		how did henryk grecki get started with music ?
henryk grecki		early years		what happened in henryk 's early years ?		henryk gorecki was born on december 6 , 1933 ,		where was he born ?		in the village of czernica ,		what about his parents ?		the gorecki family lived modestly , though both parents had a love of music .		did he lived in czernica his whole life ?		silesian voivodeship , southwest poland .		when did he move to silesian voivodeship ?		in present - day		did he get formal education ?		he studied in the szafrankowie brothers state school of music		in what year did this happen ?		in early 1950s		what else happened in his early years ?		later studied at the state higher school of music in katowice between 1955 and 1960 .		did he receive any education after that ?		i do n't know .		how did he get started with music ?		both parents had a love of music .		are his parents still alive ?		are henryk grecki 's parents still alive ?
henryk grecki		early years		what happened in henryk 's early years ?		henryk gorecki was born on december 6 , 1933 ,		where was he born ?		in the village of czernica ,		what about his parents ?		the gorecki family lived modestly , though both parents had a love of music .		did he lived in czernica his whole life ?		silesian voivodeship , southwest poland .		when did he move to silesian voivodeship ?		in present - day		did he get formal education ?		he studied in the szafrankowie brothers state school of music		in what year did this happen ?		in early 1950s		what else happened in his early years ?		later studied at the state higher school of music in katowice between 1955 and 1960 .		did he receive any education after that ?		i do n't know .		how did he get started with music ?		both parents had a love of music .		are his parents still alive ?		his father roman ( 1904 - 1991		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article besides where henryk grecki studied and lived ?
joe greene		attitude and playing style		what was unique about his attitude ?		what was unique about joe greene 's attitude ?
joe greene		attitude and playing style		what was unique about his attitude ?		ferocious and intimidating .		did he intimidate other players ?		aside from ferocious and intimidating , did joe greene intimidate other players ?
joe greene		attitude and playing style		what was unique about his attitude ?		ferocious and intimidating .		did he intimidate other players ?		he instilled fear in opponents with the intensity of his play .		who did he play for		who did joe greene play for ?
joe greene		attitude and playing style		what was unique about his attitude ?		ferocious and intimidating .		did he intimidate other players ?		he instilled fear in opponents with the intensity of his play .		who did he play for		pittsburgh		did his teams do well		did joe greene 's teams do well ?
joe greene		attitude and playing style		what was unique about his attitude ?		ferocious and intimidating .		did he intimidate other players ?		he instilled fear in opponents with the intensity of his play .		who did he play for		pittsburgh		did his teams do well		i do n't know .		what else should i know about his playing style		aside from greene 's ferocious and intimidating attitude , what else should i know about greene 's playing style
joe greene		attitude and playing style		what was unique about his attitude ?		ferocious and intimidating .		did he intimidate other players ?		he instilled fear in opponents with the intensity of his play .		who did he play for		pittsburgh		did his teams do well		i do n't know .		what else should i know about his playing style		in his early years with the steelers , greene was at times uncontrollable , and often let his temper get the best of him .		did he get in trouble for his temper		did greene get in trouble for his temper ?
joe greene		attitude and playing style		what was unique about his attitude ?		ferocious and intimidating .		did he intimidate other players ?		he instilled fear in opponents with the intensity of his play .		who did he play for		pittsburgh		did his teams do well		i do n't know .		what else should i know about his playing style		in his early years with the steelers , greene was at times uncontrollable , and often let his temper get the best of him .		did he get in trouble for his temper		during a 1975 game against the rival cleveland browns at cleveland municipal stadium , greene repeatedly kicked browns lineman bob mckay in the groin while mckay was lying on the ground .		what happened for doing that		what happened for kicking bob mckay ?
joe greene		attitude and playing style		what was unique about his attitude ?		ferocious and intimidating .		did he intimidate other players ?		he instilled fear in opponents with the intensity of his play .		who did he play for		pittsburgh		did his teams do well		i do n't know .		what else should i know about his playing style		in his early years with the steelers , greene was at times uncontrollable , and often let his temper get the best of him .		did he get in trouble for his temper		during a 1975 game against the rival cleveland browns at cleveland municipal stadium , greene repeatedly kicked browns lineman bob mckay in the groin while mckay was lying on the ground .		what happened for doing that		i do n't know .		did he get into trouble any other times		aside from kicking bob mckay , did greene get into trouble any other times ?
clarice lispector		near to the wild heart		what is near to the wild heart ?		what is near to the wild heart by clarice lispector ?
clarice lispector		near to the wild heart		what is near to the wild heart ?		her first novel , perto do coracao selvagem ( near to the wild heart ) .		what did the novel talk about ?		what did clarice lispector 's novel " near to the wild heart " talk about ?
clarice lispector		near to the wild heart		what is near to the wild heart ?		her first novel , perto do coracao selvagem ( near to the wild heart ) .		what did the novel talk about ?		tells of the inner life of a young woman named joana ,		did she speak on any of her experiences ?		did clarice lispector speak on any of her experiences in " near to the wild heart " ?
clarice lispector		near to the wild heart		what is near to the wild heart ?		her first novel , perto do coracao selvagem ( near to the wild heart ) .		what did the novel talk about ?		tells of the inner life of a young woman named joana ,		did she speak on any of her experiences ?		i do n't know .		what did joana do in the book ?		what did joana do in the book " near to the wild heart " ?
clarice lispector		near to the wild heart		what is near to the wild heart ?		her first novel , perto do coracao selvagem ( near to the wild heart ) .		what did the novel talk about ?		tells of the inner life of a young woman named joana ,		did she speak on any of her experiences ?		i do n't know .		what did joana do in the book ?		this novel , like all of her subsequent works , was marked by an intense focus on interior emotional states .		what were the names of the novels that followed ?		what were the names of the novels that followed " near to the wild heart " ?
clarice lispector		near to the wild heart		what is near to the wild heart ?		her first novel , perto do coracao selvagem ( near to the wild heart ) .		what did the novel talk about ?		tells of the inner life of a young woman named joana ,		did she speak on any of her experiences ?		i do n't know .		what did joana do in the book ?		this novel , like all of her subsequent works , was marked by an intense focus on interior emotional states .		what were the names of the novels that followed ?		i do n't know .		what types of emotions were focused on during joana 's story ?		what types of emotions were focused on during joana 's story in " near to the wild heart " ?
clarice lispector		near to the wild heart		what is near to the wild heart ?		her first novel , perto do coracao selvagem ( near to the wild heart ) .		what did the novel talk about ?		tells of the inner life of a young woman named joana ,		did she speak on any of her experiences ?		i do n't know .		what did joana do in the book ?		this novel , like all of her subsequent works , was marked by an intense focus on interior emotional states .		what were the names of the novels that followed ?		i do n't know .		what types of emotions were focused on during joana 's story ?		for the first time , an author penetrates the depths of the psychological complexity of the modern soul .		did she receive any rewards for this novel ?		did clarice lispector receive any rewards for the novel " near to the wild heart " ?
clarice lispector		near to the wild heart		what is near to the wild heart ?		her first novel , perto do coracao selvagem ( near to the wild heart ) .		what did the novel talk about ?		tells of the inner life of a young woman named joana ,		did she speak on any of her experiences ?		i do n't know .		what did joana do in the book ?		this novel , like all of her subsequent works , was marked by an intense focus on interior emotional states .		what were the names of the novels that followed ?		i do n't know .		what types of emotions were focused on during joana 's story ?		for the first time , an author penetrates the depths of the psychological complexity of the modern soul .		did she receive any rewards for this novel ?		in october 1944 , the book won the prestigious graca aranha prize for the best debut novel of 1943 .		were there any other awards given ?		were there any other awards given to clarice lispector , besides " near to the wild heart " ? ?
tris speaker		legacy		what type of legacy did he leave behind ?		what type of legacy did tris speaker leave behind ?
tris speaker		legacy		what type of legacy did he leave behind ?		immediately after speaker 's death , the baseball field at the city park in cleburne , texas , was renamed in honor of speaker .		who benefited from the baseball field ?		who benefited from the baseball field named for tris speaker ?
tris speaker		legacy		what type of legacy did he leave behind ?		immediately after speaker 's death , the baseball field at the city park in cleburne , texas , was renamed in honor of speaker .		who benefited from the baseball field ?		i do n't know .		did he leave behind any family ?		did tris speaker leave behind any family ?
tris speaker		legacy		what type of legacy did he leave behind ?		immediately after speaker 's death , the baseball field at the city park in cleburne , texas , was renamed in honor of speaker .		who benefited from the baseball field ?		i do n't know .		did he leave behind any family ?		i do n't know .		what other things did he leave behind in his legacy ?		what other things aside from the baseball field did tris speaker leave behind in his legacy ?
tris speaker		legacy		what type of legacy did he leave behind ?		immediately after speaker 's death , the baseball field at the city park in cleburne , texas , was renamed in honor of speaker .		who benefited from the baseball field ?		i do n't know .		did he leave behind any family ?		i do n't know .		what other things did he leave behind in his legacy ?		in 1961 , the tris speaker memorial award was created by the baseball writers ' association of america to honor players or officials who make outstanding contributions to baseball .		were there any notable recipients of this award ?		were there any notable recipients of the tris speaker memorial award ?
keith urban		2015 - 2017 : ripcord		what is ripcord ?		what is ripcord ?
keith urban		2015 - 2017 : ripcord		what is ripcord ?		eighth american studio album ,		how many albums does he have ?		how many albums does keith urban have ?
keith urban		2015 - 2017 : ripcord		what is ripcord ?		eighth american studio album ,		how many albums does he have ?		i do n't know .		what other artists are on ripcord ?		other than keith urban , what other artists are on ripcord ?
keith urban		2015 - 2017 : ripcord		what is ripcord ?		eighth american studio album ,		how many albums does he have ?		i do n't know .		what other artists are on ripcord ?		" , a duet with carrie underwood ,		did ripcord go platinum , or diamond or what ?		did ripcord go platinum , or diamond or what ?
keith urban		2015 - 2017 : ripcord		what is ripcord ?		eighth american studio album ,		how many albums does he have ?		i do n't know .		what other artists are on ripcord ?		" , a duet with carrie underwood ,		did ripcord go platinum , or diamond or what ?		i do n't know .		how much revenue did it produce ?		how much revenue did ripcord produce ?
kyla		2014 : comeback with journey and philpop 2014		what happen in 2014		what happened in 2014 to singer kyla ?
kyla		2014 : comeback with journey and philpop 2014		what happen in 2014		in march 2014 , kyla renewed her contract with emi philippines / polyeast records .		what was some of her comeback songs		what were some of kyla 's comeback songs ?
kyla		2014 : comeback with journey and philpop 2014		what happen in 2014		in march 2014 , kyla renewed her contract with emi philippines / polyeast records .		what was some of her comeback songs		she performed her new single " kunwa - kunwari lang " on the 8 april episode of myx philippines 's myx vj search .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides kyla 's april 8 , 2014 performance on myx phillipines 's myx vj search , are there any other interesting aspects about this article on her comeback ?
kyla		2014 : comeback with journey and philpop 2014		what happen in 2014		in march 2014 , kyla renewed her contract with emi philippines / polyeast records .		what was some of her comeback songs		she performed her new single " kunwa - kunwari lang " on the 8 april episode of myx philippines 's myx vj search .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		during a guest appearance at dzmm the following day , she revealed the already popular track " dito na lang " as the follow - up single of the album .		what was the name of her album		what was the name of kyla 's comeback album ?
kyla		2014 : comeback with journey and philpop 2014		what happen in 2014		in march 2014 , kyla renewed her contract with emi philippines / polyeast records .		what was some of her comeback songs		she performed her new single " kunwa - kunwari lang " on the 8 april episode of myx philippines 's myx vj search .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		during a guest appearance at dzmm the following day , she revealed the already popular track " dito na lang " as the follow - up single of the album .		what was the name of her album		i do n't know .		what else was she known for		other than kyla 's comeback album , what else was kyla known for ?
kyla		2014 : comeback with journey and philpop 2014		what happen in 2014		in march 2014 , kyla renewed her contract with emi philippines / polyeast records .		what was some of her comeback songs		she performed her new single " kunwa - kunwari lang " on the 8 april episode of myx philippines 's myx vj search .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		during a guest appearance at dzmm the following day , she revealed the already popular track " dito na lang " as the follow - up single of the album .		what was the name of her album		i do n't know .		what else was she known for		on 29 may , it was announced that she would be taking part on the third philippine popular music festival as the interpreter for composer jungee marcelo 's		how did that go		how did kyla 's role go as composer jungee marcelo 's interpreter at the third philippine popular music festival ?
kyla		2014 : comeback with journey and philpop 2014		what happen in 2014		in march 2014 , kyla renewed her contract with emi philippines / polyeast records .		what was some of her comeback songs		she performed her new single " kunwa - kunwari lang " on the 8 april episode of myx philippines 's myx vj search .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		during a guest appearance at dzmm the following day , she revealed the already popular track " dito na lang " as the follow - up single of the album .		what was the name of her album		i do n't know .		what else was she known for		on 29 may , it was announced that she would be taking part on the third philippine popular music festival as the interpreter for composer jungee marcelo 's		how did that go		the song eventually took home the grand prize winner .		what else stood out in this article		other than kyla 's performance on the mjx vj search , what else stood out in this article ?
kyla		2014 : comeback with journey and philpop 2014		what happen in 2014		in march 2014 , kyla renewed her contract with emi philippines / polyeast records .		what was some of her comeback songs		she performed her new single " kunwa - kunwari lang " on the 8 april episode of myx philippines 's myx vj search .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		during a guest appearance at dzmm the following day , she revealed the already popular track " dito na lang " as the follow - up single of the album .		what was the name of her album		i do n't know .		what else was she known for		on 29 may , it was announced that she would be taking part on the third philippine popular music festival as the interpreter for composer jungee marcelo 's		how did that go		the song eventually took home the grand prize winner .		what else stood out in this article		while kyla still regularly performs at sunday noon - time variety show sunday all stars , she is no longer an exclusive artist for gma network .		what else was she known for in 2014		besides her single " kunwa - kunwari lang " , what else was kyla known for in 2014 ?
kyla		2014 : comeback with journey and philpop 2014		what happen in 2014		in march 2014 , kyla renewed her contract with emi philippines / polyeast records .		what was some of her comeback songs		she performed her new single " kunwa - kunwari lang " on the 8 april episode of myx philippines 's myx vj search .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		during a guest appearance at dzmm the following day , she revealed the already popular track " dito na lang " as the follow - up single of the album .		what was the name of her album		i do n't know .		what else was she known for		on 29 may , it was announced that she would be taking part on the third philippine popular music festival as the interpreter for composer jungee marcelo 's		how did that go		the song eventually took home the grand prize winner .		what else stood out in this article		while kyla still regularly performs at sunday noon - time variety show sunday all stars , she is no longer an exclusive artist for gma network .		what else was she known for in 2014		on 10 april , polyeast records released a lyric video of the single . on 24 april , polyeast announced that journey was released 10 may 2014 .		what other songs did she make		besides her single " kunwa - kunwari lang " , what other songs kyla make in 2014 ?
marc chagall		france ( 1923 - 1941 )		what was marc doing in france in 1923 ?		what was marc doing in france in 1923 ?
marc chagall		france ( 1923 - 1941 )		what was marc doing in france in 1923 ?		in 1923 , chagall left moscow to return to france .		what was he looking to do once he returned ?		what was marc looking to do once he returned to france ?
marc chagall		france ( 1923 - 1941 )		what was marc doing in france in 1923 ?		in 1923 , chagall left moscow to return to france .		what was he looking to do once he returned ?		on his way he stopped in berlin to recover the many pictures he had left there on exhibit ten years earlier , before the war began ,		what kind of pictures he was into or did ?		what kind of pictures was marc into or did ?
marc chagall		france ( 1923 - 1941 )		what was marc doing in france in 1923 ?		in 1923 , chagall left moscow to return to france .		what was he looking to do once he returned ?		on his way he stopped in berlin to recover the many pictures he had left there on exhibit ten years earlier , before the war began ,		what kind of pictures he was into or did ?		with all his early works now lost , he began trying to paint from his memories of his earliest years in vitebsk with sketches and oil paintings .		what else did marc do during those years ?		other than painting his memories , what else did marc do during his time in france ?
marc chagall		france ( 1923 - 1941 )		what was marc doing in france in 1923 ?		in 1923 , chagall left moscow to return to france .		what was he looking to do once he returned ?		on his way he stopped in berlin to recover the many pictures he had left there on exhibit ten years earlier , before the war began ,		what kind of pictures he was into or did ?		with all his early works now lost , he began trying to paint from his memories of his earliest years in vitebsk with sketches and oil paintings .		what else did marc do during those years ?		he formed a business relationship with french art dealer ambroise vollard .		what did their business consist of ?		what did marc and ambroise business consist of ?
marc chagall		france ( 1923 - 1941 )		what was marc doing in france in 1923 ?		in 1923 , chagall left moscow to return to france .		what was he looking to do once he returned ?		on his way he stopped in berlin to recover the many pictures he had left there on exhibit ten years earlier , before the war began ,		what kind of pictures he was into or did ?		with all his early works now lost , he began trying to paint from his memories of his earliest years in vitebsk with sketches and oil paintings .		what else did marc do during those years ?		he formed a business relationship with french art dealer ambroise vollard .		what did their business consist of ?		this inspired him to begin creating etchings for a series of illustrated books , including gogol 's dead souls , the bible , and the la fontaine 's fables .		what other books did he illustrate ?		in addition to gogol 's dead souls , what other books did marc illustrate ?
marc chagall		france ( 1923 - 1941 )		what was marc doing in france in 1923 ?		in 1923 , chagall left moscow to return to france .		what was he looking to do once he returned ?		on his way he stopped in berlin to recover the many pictures he had left there on exhibit ten years earlier , before the war began ,		what kind of pictures he was into or did ?		with all his early works now lost , he began trying to paint from his memories of his earliest years in vitebsk with sketches and oil paintings .		what else did marc do during those years ?		he formed a business relationship with french art dealer ambroise vollard .		what did their business consist of ?		this inspired him to begin creating etchings for a series of illustrated books , including gogol 's dead souls , the bible , and the la fontaine 's fables .		what other books did he illustrate ?		including gogol 's dead souls , the bible , and the la fontaine 's fables .		what was he doing later those years ?		what was marc doing after creating gogol 's dead souls , the bible , and the la fontaine 's fables ?
marc chagall		france ( 1923 - 1941 )		what was marc doing in france in 1923 ?		in 1923 , chagall left moscow to return to france .		what was he looking to do once he returned ?		on his way he stopped in berlin to recover the many pictures he had left there on exhibit ten years earlier , before the war began ,		what kind of pictures he was into or did ?		with all his early works now lost , he began trying to paint from his memories of his earliest years in vitebsk with sketches and oil paintings .		what else did marc do during those years ?		he formed a business relationship with french art dealer ambroise vollard .		what did their business consist of ?		this inspired him to begin creating etchings for a series of illustrated books , including gogol 's dead souls , the bible , and the la fontaine 's fables .		what other books did he illustrate ?		including gogol 's dead souls , the bible , and the la fontaine 's fables .		what was he doing later those years ?		he travelled to brittany and painted la fenetre sur l'ile - de - brehat . by 1926 he had his first exhibition in the united states		was the exhibition successful ?		was marc 's exhibition in united states successful ?
marc chagall		france ( 1923 - 1941 )		what was marc doing in france in 1923 ?		in 1923 , chagall left moscow to return to france .		what was he looking to do once he returned ?		on his way he stopped in berlin to recover the many pictures he had left there on exhibit ten years earlier , before the war began ,		what kind of pictures he was into or did ?		with all his early works now lost , he began trying to paint from his memories of his earliest years in vitebsk with sketches and oil paintings .		what else did marc do during those years ?		he formed a business relationship with french art dealer ambroise vollard .		what did their business consist of ?		this inspired him to begin creating etchings for a series of illustrated books , including gogol 's dead souls , the bible , and the la fontaine 's fables .		what other books did he illustrate ?		including gogol 's dead souls , the bible , and the la fontaine 's fables .		what was he doing later those years ?		he travelled to brittany and painted la fenetre sur l'ile - de - brehat . by 1926 he had his first exhibition in the united states		was the exhibition successful ?		i do n't know .		what other accomplishments did marc have ?		along with his first exhibition in united states , what other accomplishments did marc have ?
dancing on ice		spin - offs		how is a spin - off completed ?		how is a spin - off completed ?
dancing on ice		spin - offs		how is a spin - off completed ?		like many other reality tv shows , dancing on ice has had a number of supplementary shows . the first was dancing on ice defrosted .		which show was most popular ?		which show was most popular ?
dancing on ice		spin - offs		how is a spin - off completed ?		like many other reality tv shows , dancing on ice has had a number of supplementary shows . the first was dancing on ice defrosted .		which show was most popular ?		the show featured opinions from celebrity guests and past contestants as well as from torvill and dean , the judges , presenters and competitors .		which spin - off was most popular ?		which spin - off was most popular ?
dancing on ice		spin - offs		how is a spin - off completed ?		like many other reality tv shows , dancing on ice has had a number of supplementary shows . the first was dancing on ice defrosted .		which show was most popular ?		the show featured opinions from celebrity guests and past contestants as well as from torvill and dean , the judges , presenters and competitors .		which spin - off was most popular ?		i do n't know .		how long did it run ?		how long did dancing on ice defrosted run ?
dancing on ice		spin - offs		how is a spin - off completed ?		like many other reality tv shows , dancing on ice has had a number of supplementary shows . the first was dancing on ice defrosted .		which show was most popular ?		the show featured opinions from celebrity guests and past contestants as well as from torvill and dean , the judges , presenters and competitors .		which spin - off was most popular ?		i do n't know .		how long did it run ?		i do n't know .		did any famous people appear on the spin - offs ?		did any famous people appear on the spin - offs ?
dancing on ice		spin - offs		how is a spin - off completed ?		like many other reality tv shows , dancing on ice has had a number of supplementary shows . the first was dancing on ice defrosted .		which show was most popular ?		the show featured opinions from celebrity guests and past contestants as well as from torvill and dean , the judges , presenters and competitors .		which spin - off was most popular ?		i do n't know .		how long did it run ?		i do n't know .		did any famous people appear on the spin - offs ?		midway through the first series paul o'grady left itv to join channel 4 meaning that itv had no show to put on air at 5 pm .		what channel was the original show on ?		what channel was the original show dancing on ice defrosted ?
dancing on ice		spin - offs		how is a spin - off completed ?		like many other reality tv shows , dancing on ice has had a number of supplementary shows . the first was dancing on ice defrosted .		which show was most popular ?		the show featured opinions from celebrity guests and past contestants as well as from torvill and dean , the judges , presenters and competitors .		which spin - off was most popular ?		i do n't know .		how long did it run ?		i do n't know .		did any famous people appear on the spin - offs ?		midway through the first series paul o'grady left itv to join channel 4 meaning that itv had no show to put on air at 5 pm .		what channel was the original show on ?		aired on itv2 immediately after the main itv show and again after the results show .		how did the ratings compare to the original show ?		how did the ratings compare to the dancing on ice ?
thomas aquinas		early life ( 1225 - 1244 )		when was he born ?		when was thomas aquinas born ?
thomas aquinas		early life ( 1225 - 1244 )		when was he born ?		1225 ,		where was he born ?		where was thomas aquinas born ?
thomas aquinas		early life ( 1225 - 1244 )		when was he born ?		1225 ,		where was he born ?		in the castle of roccasecca ,		are any family members listed ?		are any of thomas aquinas ' family members listed ?
thomas aquinas		early life ( 1225 - 1244 )		when was he born ?		1225 ,		where was he born ?		in the castle of roccasecca ,		are any family members listed ?		he was born in the castle of his father ,		where did he go to school ?		where did thomas aquinas go to school ?
thomas aquinas		early life ( 1225 - 1244 )		when was he born ?		1225 ,		where was he born ?		in the castle of roccasecca ,		are any family members listed ?		he was born in the castle of his father ,		where did he go to school ?		began his early education at monte cassino		who were some of his influences ?		who were some of thomas aquinas influences ?
thomas aquinas		early life ( 1225 - 1244 )		when was he born ?		1225 ,		where was he born ?		in the castle of roccasecca ,		are any family members listed ?		he was born in the castle of his father ,		where did he go to school ?		began his early education at monte cassino		who were some of his influences ?		aristotle , averroes		what was he like in early life ?		what was thomas aquinas like in early life ?
thomas aquinas		early life ( 1225 - 1244 )		when was he born ?		1225 ,		where was he born ?		in the castle of roccasecca ,		are any family members listed ?		he was born in the castle of his father ,		where did he go to school ?		began his early education at monte cassino		who were some of his influences ?		aristotle , averroes		what was he like in early life ?		at the age of nineteen thomas resolved to join the recently founded dominican order .		what did he do with the dominican order ?		what did thomas aquinas do with the dominican order ?
thomas aquinas		early life ( 1225 - 1244 )		when was he born ?		1225 ,		where was he born ?		in the castle of roccasecca ,		are any family members listed ?		he was born in the castle of his father ,		where did he go to school ?		began his early education at monte cassino		who were some of his influences ?		aristotle , averroes		what was he like in early life ?		at the age of nineteen thomas resolved to join the recently founded dominican order .		what did he do with the dominican order ?		thomas came under the influence of john of st. julian , a dominican preacher in naples ,		what did john do for him ?		what did dominican preacher , john of st. julian , do for thomas aquinas ?
thomas aquinas		early life ( 1225 - 1244 )		when was he born ?		1225 ,		where was he born ?		in the castle of roccasecca ,		are any family members listed ?		he was born in the castle of his father ,		where did he go to school ?		began his early education at monte cassino		who were some of his influences ?		aristotle , averroes		what was he like in early life ?		at the age of nineteen thomas resolved to join the recently founded dominican order .		what did he do with the dominican order ?		thomas came under the influence of john of st. julian , a dominican preacher in naples ,		what did john do for him ?		the dominicans arranged to move thomas to rome , and from rome , to paris .		what did he do in rome and paris ?		what did thomas aquinas do in rome and paris ?
thomas aquinas		early life ( 1225 - 1244 )		when was he born ?		1225 ,		where was he born ?		in the castle of roccasecca ,		are any family members listed ?		he was born in the castle of his father ,		where did he go to school ?		began his early education at monte cassino		who were some of his influences ?		aristotle , averroes		what was he like in early life ?		at the age of nineteen thomas resolved to join the recently founded dominican order .		what did he do with the dominican order ?		thomas came under the influence of john of st. julian , a dominican preacher in naples ,		what did john do for him ?		the dominicans arranged to move thomas to rome , and from rome , to paris .		what did he do in rome and paris ?		while on his journey to rome , per theodora 's instructions , his brothers seized him as he was drinking from a spring and took him back to his parents at the castle		what happened next ?		what happened after thomas aquinas ' brothers seized him for drinking from a spring in rome ?
thomas aquinas		early life ( 1225 - 1244 )		when was he born ?		1225 ,		where was he born ?		in the castle of roccasecca ,		are any family members listed ?		he was born in the castle of his father ,		where did he go to school ?		began his early education at monte cassino		who were some of his influences ?		aristotle , averroes		what was he like in early life ?		at the age of nineteen thomas resolved to join the recently founded dominican order .		what did he do with the dominican order ?		thomas came under the influence of john of st. julian , a dominican preacher in naples ,		what did john do for him ?		the dominicans arranged to move thomas to rome , and from rome , to paris .		what did he do in rome and paris ?		while on his journey to rome , per theodora 's instructions , his brothers seized him as he was drinking from a spring and took him back to his parents at the castle		what happened next ?		thomas was held prisoner for almost one year in the family castles		why was he held prisoner ?		why was thomas aquinas held prisoner in the family castle after resolving to join the dominican order ?
michael kiske		helloween ( 1986 - 1993 , 2017-present )		what was helloween ?		what was helloween with michael kiske ?
michael kiske		helloween ( 1986 - 1993 , 2017-present )		what was helloween ?		the german power metal band		when did he join ?		when did michael kiske join helloween ?
michael kiske		helloween ( 1986 - 1993 , 2017-present )		what was helloween ?		the german power metal band		when did he join ?		at the age of eighteen , kiske was asked to join		what did he do in the band ?		what did michael kiske do in helloween ?
michael kiske		helloween ( 1986 - 1993 , 2017-present )		what was helloween ?		the german power metal band		when did he join ?		at the age of eighteen , kiske was asked to join		what did he do in the band ?		vocalist		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about michael kiske and michael kiske other than michael kiske 's role in helloween and when michael joined ?
michael kiske		helloween ( 1986 - 1993 , 2017-present )		what was helloween ?		the german power metal band		when did he join ?		at the age of eighteen , kiske was asked to join		what did he do in the band ?		vocalist		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		kai hansen left the band and was replaced by guitarist roland grapow .		when did he leave ?		when did michael kiske leave helloween ?
michael kiske		solo work ( 1996 - 2008 )		why did he decide to go solo ?		why did michael kiske decide to go solo ?
michael kiske		solo work ( 1996 - 2008 )		why did he decide to go solo ?		on august 16 , 1996 , three years after leaving helloween , kiske released his first solo album , instant clarity .		was it a success ?		was michael kiske 's album instant clarity a success ?
michael kiske		solo work ( 1996 - 2008 )		why did he decide to go solo ?		on august 16 , 1996 , three years after leaving helloween , kiske released his first solo album , instant clarity .		was it a success ?		i do n't know .		did any of his solo work win awards ?		did any of michael kiske 's solo work win awards ?
michael kiske		solo work ( 1996 - 2008 )		why did he decide to go solo ?		on august 16 , 1996 , three years after leaving helloween , kiske released his first solo album , instant clarity .		was it a success ?		i do n't know .		did any of his solo work win awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article , besides michael kiske 's solo work ?
michael kiske		solo work ( 1996 - 2008 )		why did he decide to go solo ?		on august 16 , 1996 , three years after leaving helloween , kiske released his first solo album , instant clarity .		was it a success ?		i do n't know .		did any of his solo work win awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		this album had a modern rock sound and a song structure , distinct from both his solo albums and the heavy metal sound of helloween . the		why did he change things up ?		why did michael kiske change things up from both of his solo albums ?
michael kiske		solo work ( 1996 - 2008 )		why did he decide to go solo ?		on august 16 , 1996 , three years after leaving helloween , kiske released his first solo album , instant clarity .		was it a success ?		i do n't know .		did any of his solo work win awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		this album had a modern rock sound and a song structure , distinct from both his solo albums and the heavy metal sound of helloween . the		why did he change things up ?		the project was under promoted and unsuccessful and he dissolved the band .		why was it under promoted ?		why was michael kiske 's album instant clarity under promoted ?
jacques anquetil		raphael geminiani		who is raphael geminiani ?		who is raphael geminiani ?
jacques anquetil		raphael geminiani		who is raphael geminiani ?		raphael geminiani had been anquetil 's rival as a rider ;		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than the rivalry between raphael geminiani and anquetil , are there any other interesting aspects about the relationship ?
jacques anquetil		raphael geminiani		who is raphael geminiani ?		raphael geminiani had been anquetil 's rival as a rider ;		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		anquetil unfailingly beat raymond poulidor in the tour de france and yet poulidor remained the more popular .		why did he remain more popular ?		why did raymond poulidor remain more popular than anquetil despite losing to him in the tour de france ?
jacques anquetil		raphael geminiani		who is raphael geminiani ?		raphael geminiani had been anquetil 's rival as a rider ;		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		anquetil unfailingly beat raymond poulidor in the tour de france and yet poulidor remained the more popular .		why did he remain more popular ?		the tour de france has the major fault of dividing the country , right down to the smallest hamlet , even families , into two rival camps .		why does it have such an effect ?		why does the tour de france divide the country , even families , into two rival camps ?
jacques anquetil		raphael geminiani		who is raphael geminiani ?		raphael geminiani had been anquetil 's rival as a rider ;		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		anquetil unfailingly beat raymond poulidor in the tour de france and yet poulidor remained the more popular .		why did he remain more popular ?		the tour de france has the major fault of dividing the country , right down to the smallest hamlet , even families , into two rival camps .		why does it have such an effect ?		two sociologists studying the impact of the tour on french society say became emblematic of france old and new .		what else is noteworthy ?		in addition to the rivalry between riders , what else is noteworthy about the country 's passion for the tour ?
jacques anquetil		raphael geminiani		who is raphael geminiani ?		raphael geminiani had been anquetil 's rival as a rider ;		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		anquetil unfailingly beat raymond poulidor in the tour de france and yet poulidor remained the more popular .		why did he remain more popular ?		the tour de france has the major fault of dividing the country , right down to the smallest hamlet , even families , into two rival camps .		why does it have such an effect ?		two sociologists studying the impact of the tour on french society say became emblematic of france old and new .		what else is noteworthy ?		a man who grabbed his wife and held her on the grill of a heated stove , seated and with her skirts held up , for favouring jacques anquetil		were there other conflicts ?		were there any conflicts in families that supported different riders of the tour de france , other than the man who grabbed his wife and held her on the grill of a heated stove ?
billy \crash\ " craddock "		early career		what was billys first job		what was billy " crash " craddock 's first job ?
billy \crash\ " craddock "		early career		what was billys first job		craddock 's first release was " smacky - mouth " , which was recorded in 1957 for the local greensboro sky castle label .		how old was he		how old was billy " crash " craddock when he released his first song " smacky - mouth " ?
billy \crash\ " craddock "		early career		what was billys first job		craddock 's first release was " smacky - mouth " , which was recorded in 1957 for the local greensboro sky castle label .		how old was he		i do n't know .		how did smacky mouth do		how did the song smacky mouth do ?
billy \crash\ " craddock "		early career		what was billys first job		craddock 's first release was " smacky - mouth " , which was recorded in 1957 for the local greensboro sky castle label .		how old was he		i do n't know .		how did smacky mouth do		i do n't know .		did it have a hit anywhere ?		did the song smacky mouth have a hit anywhere ?
billy \crash\ " craddock "		early career		what was billys first job		craddock 's first release was " smacky - mouth " , which was recorded in 1957 for the local greensboro sky castle label .		how old was he		i do n't know .		how did smacky mouth do		i do n't know .		did it have a hit anywhere ?		he did , however , become very popular in australia .		what did he do after that release		what did billy " crash " craddock do after the release of the song smacky - mouth ?
billy \crash\ " craddock "		early career		what was billys first job		craddock 's first release was " smacky - mouth " , which was recorded in 1957 for the local greensboro sky castle label .		how old was he		i do n't know .		how did smacky mouth do		i do n't know .		did it have a hit anywhere ?		he did , however , become very popular in australia .		what did he do after that release		in 1959 , craddock traveled to australia with bobby rydell , the everly brothers , santo and johnny , and the diamonds .		what did he do with them		what did billy " crash " craddock do with bobby rydell , the everly brothers , santo and johnny , and the diamonds ?
steve biko		early student activism : 1966 - 68		where did he go school		where did steve biko go to school ?
steve biko		early student activism : 1966 - 68		where did he go school		he secured a scholarship , and in 1966 entered the " non - european " section of the university of natal medical school in wentworth ,		did he join any activist parties on campus ?		did steve biko join any activist parties on his school campus ?
steve biko		early student activism : 1966 - 68		where did he go school		he secured a scholarship , and in 1966 entered the " non - european " section of the university of natal medical school in wentworth ,		did he join any activist parties on campus ?		there , he joined what his biographer xolela mangcu called " a peculiarly sophisticated and cosmopolitan group of students " from across south africa ;		what was his dealings with him ?		what were steve biko 's dealings with his biographer xolela mangcu ?
steve biko		early student activism : 1966 - 68		where did he go school		he secured a scholarship , and in 1966 entered the " non - european " section of the university of natal medical school in wentworth ,		did he join any activist parties on campus ?		there , he joined what his biographer xolela mangcu called " a peculiarly sophisticated and cosmopolitan group of students " from across south africa ;		what was his dealings with him ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about the article on steve biko , aside from his early student activism ?
steve biko		early student activism : 1966 - 68		where did he go school		he secured a scholarship , and in 1966 entered the " non - european " section of the university of natal medical school in wentworth ,		did he join any activist parties on campus ?		there , he joined what his biographer xolela mangcu called " a peculiarly sophisticated and cosmopolitan group of students " from across south africa ;		what was his dealings with him ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the late 1960s was the heyday of radical student politics across the world , as reflected in the protests of 1968 ,		what protests did he partake in ?		what protests did steve biko partake in ?
steve biko		early student activism : 1966 - 68		where did he go school		he secured a scholarship , and in 1966 entered the " non - european " section of the university of natal medical school in wentworth ,		did he join any activist parties on campus ?		there , he joined what his biographer xolela mangcu called " a peculiarly sophisticated and cosmopolitan group of students " from across south africa ;		what was his dealings with him ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the late 1960s was the heyday of radical student politics across the world , as reflected in the protests of 1968 ,		what protests did he partake in ?		biko and other black african delegates walked out of the conference in anger .		did he partake in any activist activities ?		did steve biko partake in any activist activities ?
steve biko		early student activism : 1966 - 68		where did he go school		he secured a scholarship , and in 1966 entered the " non - european " section of the university of natal medical school in wentworth ,		did he join any activist parties on campus ?		there , he joined what his biographer xolela mangcu called " a peculiarly sophisticated and cosmopolitan group of students " from across south africa ;		what was his dealings with him ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the late 1960s was the heyday of radical student politics across the world , as reflected in the protests of 1968 ,		what protests did he partake in ?		biko and other black african delegates walked out of the conference in anger .		did he partake in any activist activities ?		i do n't know .		can you tell me more about his role in student activist ?		can you tell me more about steve biko 's role in student activism ?
steve biko		early student activism : 1966 - 68		where did he go school		he secured a scholarship , and in 1966 entered the " non - european " section of the university of natal medical school in wentworth ,		did he join any activist parties on campus ?		there , he joined what his biographer xolela mangcu called " a peculiarly sophisticated and cosmopolitan group of students " from across south africa ;		what was his dealings with him ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the late 1960s was the heyday of radical student politics across the world , as reflected in the protests of 1968 ,		what protests did he partake in ?		biko and other black african delegates walked out of the conference in anger .		did he partake in any activist activities ?		i do n't know .		can you tell me more about his role in student activist ?		i realized that for a long time i had been holding onto this whole dogma of nonracism almost like a religion ...		who quoted this ?		who said the quote about dogma and religion ?
ian johnson ( cricketer )		home and retirement		where is home at ?		where is ian johnson 's home located ?
ian johnson ( cricketer )		home and retirement		where is home at ?		australia		when did retireing happen		when did ian johnson retire ?
ian johnson ( cricketer )		home and retirement		where is home at ?		australia		when did retireing happen		when the team finally arrived home , johnson announced his retirement		where did they come home from		where was ian johnson when he left for home in australia ?
ian johnson ( cricketer )		home and retirement		where is home at ?		australia		when did retireing happen		when the team finally arrived home , johnson announced his retirement		where did they come home from		england ,		what were they doing in england		what was ian johnson doing in england ?
ian johnson ( cricketer )		home and retirement		where is home at ?		australia		when did retireing happen		when the team finally arrived home , johnson announced his retirement		where did they come home from		england ,		what were they doing in england		on a matting pitch , unfamiliar to the australians , johnson 's team lost the inaugural test		what year did they leave there		what year did ian johnson leave england ?
ian johnson ( cricketer )		home and retirement		where is home at ?		australia		when did retireing happen		when the team finally arrived home , johnson announced his retirement		where did they come home from		england ,		what were they doing in england		on a matting pitch , unfamiliar to the australians , johnson 's team lost the inaugural test		what year did they leave there		i do n't know .		what year did they go back to there home		what year did ian johnson go back to australia ?
ian johnson ( cricketer )		home and retirement		where is home at ?		australia		when did retireing happen		when the team finally arrived home , johnson announced his retirement		where did they come home from		england ,		what were they doing in england		on a matting pitch , unfamiliar to the australians , johnson 's team lost the inaugural test		what year did they leave there		i do n't know .		what year did they go back to there home		i do n't know .		when did they have kids		when did ian johnson have kids ?
ian johnson ( cricketer )		home and retirement		where is home at ?		australia		when did retireing happen		when the team finally arrived home , johnson announced his retirement		where did they come home from		england ,		what were they doing in england		on a matting pitch , unfamiliar to the australians , johnson 's team lost the inaugural test		what year did they leave there		i do n't know .		what year did they go back to there home		i do n't know .		when did they have kids		i do n't know .		what was something very good that happen		what was something very good that happened to ian johnson during his cricket career ?
ian johnson ( cricketer )		home and retirement		where is home at ?		australia		when did retireing happen		when the team finally arrived home , johnson announced his retirement		where did they come home from		england ,		what were they doing in england		on a matting pitch , unfamiliar to the australians , johnson 's team lost the inaugural test		what year did they leave there		i do n't know .		what year did they go back to there home		i do n't know .		when did they have kids		i do n't know .		what was something very good that happen		returning to turf pitches in india , the australians restored some pride .		so was india soething he loved		was india somewhere that ian johnson loved ?
jackie mason		" middle finger " incident ( 1964 )		what was this incident about ?		what was jackie mason 's ' ' middle finger ' ' incident about ?
jackie mason		" middle finger " incident ( 1964 )		what was this incident about ?		mason allegedly gave host ed sullivan the finger on air .		what happened because of this ?		what happened because the ' ' middle finger ' ' incident of jackie mason ?
jackie mason		" middle finger " incident ( 1964 )		what was this incident about ?		mason allegedly gave host ed sullivan the finger on air .		what happened because of this ?		sullivan was clearly infuriated by this , and banned mason from future appearances on the show ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to mason 's ban from future appearences on the show by sulliva , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
jackie mason		" middle finger " incident ( 1964 )		what was this incident about ?		mason allegedly gave host ed sullivan the finger on air .		what happened because of this ?		sullivan was clearly infuriated by this , and banned mason from future appearances on the show ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		because of sullivan 's influence , he was branded as unreliable , volatile , and obscene , and he failed to get substantial tv work for the next two decades .		was he able to work elsewhere ?		was jackie mason able to work elsewhere after the ' ' middle finger ' ' incident ?
jackie mason		" middle finger " incident ( 1964 )		what was this incident about ?		mason allegedly gave host ed sullivan the finger on air .		what happened because of this ?		sullivan was clearly infuriated by this , and banned mason from future appearances on the show ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		because of sullivan 's influence , he was branded as unreliable , volatile , and obscene , and he failed to get substantial tv work for the next two decades .		was he able to work elsewhere ?		mason was given a single comeback appearance on sullivan 's tv program two years later , and sullivan publicly apologized to him ,		did that help his reputation ?		did the public apologize to mason by sullivan help mason 's reputation after ' ' middle finger ' ' incident ?
jackie mason		" middle finger " incident ( 1964 )		what was this incident about ?		mason allegedly gave host ed sullivan the finger on air .		what happened because of this ?		sullivan was clearly infuriated by this , and banned mason from future appearances on the show ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		because of sullivan 's influence , he was branded as unreliable , volatile , and obscene , and he failed to get substantial tv work for the next two decades .		was he able to work elsewhere ?		mason was given a single comeback appearance on sullivan 's tv program two years later , and sullivan publicly apologized to him ,		did that help his reputation ?		sullivan publicly apologized to him , but the damage was done . at that time ,		where did he go from there ?		where did mason go from being publicly apologized by sullivan after the ' ' middle finger ' ' incident ?
jackie mason		" middle finger " incident ( 1964 )		what was this incident about ?		mason allegedly gave host ed sullivan the finger on air .		what happened because of this ?		sullivan was clearly infuriated by this , and banned mason from future appearances on the show ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		because of sullivan 's influence , he was branded as unreliable , volatile , and obscene , and he failed to get substantial tv work for the next two decades .		was he able to work elsewhere ?		mason was given a single comeback appearance on sullivan 's tv program two years later , and sullivan publicly apologized to him ,		did that help his reputation ?		sullivan publicly apologized to him , but the damage was done . at that time ,		where did he go from there ?		mason later appeared on the show five times :		what else did he do ?		other than appearing on the sulivan 's show five times after the ' ' middle finger ' ' incident , what else did mason do ?
jackie mason		" middle finger " incident ( 1964 )		what was this incident about ?		mason allegedly gave host ed sullivan the finger on air .		what happened because of this ?		sullivan was clearly infuriated by this , and banned mason from future appearances on the show ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		because of sullivan 's influence , he was branded as unreliable , volatile , and obscene , and he failed to get substantial tv work for the next two decades .		was he able to work elsewhere ?		mason was given a single comeback appearance on sullivan 's tv program two years later , and sullivan publicly apologized to him ,		did that help his reputation ?		sullivan publicly apologized to him , but the damage was done . at that time ,		where did he go from there ?		mason later appeared on the show five times :		what else did he do ?		because of sullivan 's influence , he was branded as unreliable , volatile , and obscene , and he failed to get substantial tv work for the next two decades .		what other facts in the article stand out to you ?		besides mason was branded as unreliable , volatile and obscene , failing to get tv works , what other facts in the article stand out to you ?
jackie mason		" middle finger " incident ( 1964 )		what was this incident about ?		mason allegedly gave host ed sullivan the finger on air .		what happened because of this ?		sullivan was clearly infuriated by this , and banned mason from future appearances on the show ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		because of sullivan 's influence , he was branded as unreliable , volatile , and obscene , and he failed to get substantial tv work for the next two decades .		was he able to work elsewhere ?		mason was given a single comeback appearance on sullivan 's tv program two years later , and sullivan publicly apologized to him ,		did that help his reputation ?		sullivan publicly apologized to him , but the damage was done . at that time ,		where did he go from there ?		mason later appeared on the show five times :		what else did he do ?		because of sullivan 's influence , he was branded as unreliable , volatile , and obscene , and he failed to get substantial tv work for the next two decades .		what other facts in the article stand out to you ?		there was no ruling on the merits , merely a determination that mason 's suit could proceed and that he would be given an opportunity to prove his claim .		what claim was this ?		what claim has mason done after the ' ' middle finger ' ' accident and its consequences ?
jackie mason		" middle finger " incident ( 1964 )		what was this incident about ?		mason allegedly gave host ed sullivan the finger on air .		what happened because of this ?		sullivan was clearly infuriated by this , and banned mason from future appearances on the show ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		because of sullivan 's influence , he was branded as unreliable , volatile , and obscene , and he failed to get substantial tv work for the next two decades .		was he able to work elsewhere ?		mason was given a single comeback appearance on sullivan 's tv program two years later , and sullivan publicly apologized to him ,		did that help his reputation ?		sullivan publicly apologized to him , but the damage was done . at that time ,		where did he go from there ?		mason later appeared on the show five times :		what else did he do ?		because of sullivan 's influence , he was branded as unreliable , volatile , and obscene , and he failed to get substantial tv work for the next two decades .		what other facts in the article stand out to you ?		there was no ruling on the merits , merely a determination that mason 's suit could proceed and that he would be given an opportunity to prove his claim .		what claim was this ?		to clear his name , mason filed a libel suit on the grounds that sullivan had defamed him at the new york supreme court .		what was the outcome of this ?		what was the outcome of the mason claim to clear his name after the ' ' middle finger ' ' accident ?
slash ( musician )		awards and accolades		what type of awards have slash won ?		what type of awards hasslash won ?
slash ( musician )		awards and accolades		what type of awards have slash won ?		in 2005 , he was named " best guitarist " by esquire ,		what was his first award ?		what was slash 's first award ?
slash ( musician )		awards and accolades		what type of awards have slash won ?		in 2005 , he was named " best guitarist " by esquire ,		what was his first award ?		" best guitarist " by esquire ,		what are some other interesting awards that he have won ?		in addition to " best guitarist " by esquire , what are some other interesting awards that slash won ?
slash ( musician )		awards and accolades		what type of awards have slash won ?		in 2005 , he was named " best guitarist " by esquire ,		what was his first award ?		" best guitarist " by esquire ,		what are some other interesting awards that he have won ?		" slash was awarded the title of " riff lord " during metal hammer 's fourth annual golden gods awards in 2007 .		did he win any awards for his songs or albums ?		did slash win any awards for his songs or albums ?
slash ( musician )		awards and accolades		what type of awards have slash won ?		in 2005 , he was named " best guitarist " by esquire ,		what was his first award ?		" best guitarist " by esquire ,		what are some other interesting awards that he have won ?		" slash was awarded the title of " riff lord " during metal hammer 's fourth annual golden gods awards in 2007 .		did he win any awards for his songs or albums ?		in 2004 , slash 's introductory riff in " sweet child o ' mine " was voted no . 1 on a list of " the 100 greatest riffs "		what type of accolades did slash receive ?		what type of accolades did slash receive ?
slash ( musician )		awards and accolades		what type of awards have slash won ?		in 2005 , he was named " best guitarist " by esquire ,		what was his first award ?		" best guitarist " by esquire ,		what are some other interesting awards that he have won ?		" slash was awarded the title of " riff lord " during metal hammer 's fourth annual golden gods awards in 2007 .		did he win any awards for his songs or albums ?		in 2004 , slash 's introductory riff in " sweet child o ' mine " was voted no . 1 on a list of " the 100 greatest riffs "		what type of accolades did slash receive ?		slash received a star on the hollywood walk of fame , located directly in front of the hard rock cafe on hollywood boulevard .		what year did he receive his star on hollywood ?		what year did slash receive his star on hollywood boulevard ?
slash ( musician )		awards and accolades		what type of awards have slash won ?		in 2005 , he was named " best guitarist " by esquire ,		what was his first award ?		" best guitarist " by esquire ,		what are some other interesting awards that he have won ?		" slash was awarded the title of " riff lord " during metal hammer 's fourth annual golden gods awards in 2007 .		did he win any awards for his songs or albums ?		in 2004 , slash 's introductory riff in " sweet child o ' mine " was voted no . 1 on a list of " the 100 greatest riffs "		what type of accolades did slash receive ?		slash received a star on the hollywood walk of fame , located directly in front of the hard rock cafe on hollywood boulevard .		what year did he receive his star on hollywood ?		in front of the hard rock cafe on hollywood boulevard .		is there any other notable accolades ?		aside from his star on hollywood boulevard , are there any other notable accolades that slash recieved ?
slash ( musician )		personal life		where was slash born ?		where was slash born ?
slash ( musician )		personal life		where was slash born ?		i do n't know .		what happened in the personal life of slash ?		what happened in the slash 's personal life ?
slash ( musician )		personal life		where was slash born ?		i do n't know .		what happened in the personal life of slash ?		on october 10 , 1992 , slash married model - actress renee suran		did they have kids ?		did slash and renee suran have kids ?
slash ( musician )		personal life		where was slash born ?		i do n't know .		what happened in the personal life of slash ?		on october 10 , 1992 , slash married model - actress renee suran		did they have kids ?		they divorced in late 1997		did he get married again ?		did slash get married again after divorcing renee suran ?
slash ( musician )		personal life		where was slash born ?		i do n't know .		what happened in the personal life of slash ?		on october 10 , 1992 , slash married model - actress renee suran		did they have kids ?		they divorced in late 1997		did he get married again ?		slash married perla ferrar		did they have kids together ?		did slash and perla ferrar have kids together ?
slash ( musician )		personal life		where was slash born ?		i do n't know .		what happened in the personal life of slash ?		on october 10 , 1992 , slash married model - actress renee suran		did they have kids ?		they divorced in late 1997		did he get married again ?		slash married perla ferrar		did they have kids together ?		they have two sons , london emilio ( born august 28 , 2002 ) and cash anthony ( born june 23 , 2004 ) .		which other things that happened in the personal life is worth mentioning ?		in addition to having kids , which other things happened in slash 's personal life is worth mentioning ?
slash ( musician )		personal life		where was slash born ?		i do n't know .		what happened in the personal life of slash ?		on october 10 , 1992 , slash married model - actress renee suran		did they have kids ?		they divorced in late 1997		did he get married again ?		slash married perla ferrar		did they have kids together ?		they have two sons , london emilio ( born august 28 , 2002 ) and cash anthony ( born june 23 , 2004 ) .		which other things that happened in the personal life is worth mentioning ?		in 2001 , at the age of 35 , slash was diagnosed with cardiomyopathy ,		did he overcome the illness , what eventually happened ?		did slash overcome the cardiomyopathy , what eventually happened ?
slash ( musician )		personal life		where was slash born ?		i do n't know .		what happened in the personal life of slash ?		on october 10 , 1992 , slash married model - actress renee suran		did they have kids ?		they divorced in late 1997		did he get married again ?		slash married perla ferrar		did they have kids together ?		they have two sons , london emilio ( born august 28 , 2002 ) and cash anthony ( born june 23 , 2004 ) .		which other things that happened in the personal life is worth mentioning ?		in 2001 , at the age of 35 , slash was diagnosed with cardiomyopathy ,		did he overcome the illness , what eventually happened ?		originally given between six days and six weeks to live , he survived through physical therapy and the implantation of a defibrillator .		how did his personal life affect his music ?		how did slash 's personal life affect his music ?
mitt romney		subsequent activities		what has romney been doing ?		what has mitt romney been doing ?
mitt romney		subsequent activities		what has romney been doing ?		romney generally kept a low profile ,		where has he been active ?		where has mitt romney been active ?
mitt romney		subsequent activities		what has romney been doing ?		romney generally kept a low profile ,		where has he been active ?		romneys bought a home again in the deer valley area of park city , utah ,		what are his political intentions ?		what are mitt romney 's political intentions ?
mitt romney		subsequent activities		what has romney been doing ?		romney generally kept a low profile ,		where has he been active ?		romneys bought a home again in the deer valley area of park city , utah ,		what are his political intentions ?		" it kills me not to be there , not to be in the white house doing what needs to be done . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than mitt romney 's political intentions , there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
mitt romney		subsequent activities		what has romney been doing ?		romney generally kept a low profile ,		where has he been active ?		romneys bought a home again in the deer valley area of park city , utah ,		what are his political intentions ?		" it kills me not to be there , not to be in the white house doing what needs to be done . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		romney himself thought he might be branded a " loser for life " and fade into an obscurity like michael dukakis		when did he run for president ?		when did mitt romney run for president ?
mitt romney		subsequent activities		what has romney been doing ?		romney generally kept a low profile ,		where has he been active ?		romneys bought a home again in the deer valley area of park city , utah ,		what are his political intentions ?		" it kills me not to be there , not to be in the white house doing what needs to be done . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		romney himself thought he might be branded a " loser for life " and fade into an obscurity like michael dukakis		when did he run for president ?		2014 u.s. midterm elections ,		what has he been doing in utah ?		what has mitt romney been doing in utah ?
mitt romney		subsequent activities		what has romney been doing ?		romney generally kept a low profile ,		where has he been active ?		romneys bought a home again in the deer valley area of park city , utah ,		what are his political intentions ?		" it kills me not to be there , not to be in the white house doing what needs to be done . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		romney himself thought he might be branded a " loser for life " and fade into an obscurity like michael dukakis		when did he run for president ?		2014 u.s. midterm elections ,		what has he been doing in utah ?		they plan to tear down an existing house and build a new one .		which city does he live in ?		which city does mitt romney live in ?
mitt romney		subsequent activities		what has romney been doing ?		romney generally kept a low profile ,		where has he been active ?		romneys bought a home again in the deer valley area of park city , utah ,		what are his political intentions ?		" it kills me not to be there , not to be in the white house doing what needs to be done . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		romney himself thought he might be branded a " loser for life " and fade into an obscurity like michael dukakis		when did he run for president ?		2014 u.s. midterm elections ,		what has he been doing in utah ?		they plan to tear down an existing house and build a new one .		which city does he live in ?		holladay , utah ,		how long has he lived in utah ?		how long has mitt romney lived in utah ?
yoda		star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ( 2005 )		who played yoda		who played yoda in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ( 2005 ) ?
yoda		star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ( 2005 )		who played yoda		i do n't know .		why was yoda important in this film		why was yoda important in the film star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ( 2005 ) ?
yoda		star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ( 2005 )		who played yoda		i do n't know .		why was yoda important in this film		in revenge of the sith , yoda leads the jedi council in pursuing the mysterious sith lord darth sidious .		was he successful in this		in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith , was yoda successful leading the jedi council in pursuing the mysterious sith lord darth sidious ?
yoda		star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ( 2005 )		who played yoda		i do n't know .		why was yoda important in this film		in revenge of the sith , yoda leads the jedi council in pursuing the mysterious sith lord darth sidious .		was he successful in this		yoda battles palpatine in a lightsaber duel that wrecks the senate rotunda . in the end , neither is able to overcome the other and yoda is forced to retreat .		what else did yoda do in the movie		what else did yoda do in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith besides battling palpatine in a lightsaber duel that wrecked the senate rotund?a
yoda		star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ( 2005 )		who played yoda		i do n't know .		why was yoda important in this film		in revenge of the sith , yoda leads the jedi council in pursuing the mysterious sith lord darth sidious .		was he successful in this		yoda battles palpatine in a lightsaber duel that wrecks the senate rotunda . in the end , neither is able to overcome the other and yoda is forced to retreat .		what else did yoda do in the movie		additionally , they order him to spy on palpatine , whom anakin considers a friend and mentor .		why did they spy on palpatine		why did the jedi council spy on palpatine star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ?
yoda		star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ( 2005 )		who played yoda		i do n't know .		why was yoda important in this film		in revenge of the sith , yoda leads the jedi council in pursuing the mysterious sith lord darth sidious .		was he successful in this		yoda battles palpatine in a lightsaber duel that wrecks the senate rotunda . in the end , neither is able to overcome the other and yoda is forced to retreat .		what else did yoda do in the movie		additionally , they order him to spy on palpatine , whom anakin considers a friend and mentor .		why did they spy on palpatine		the council grants anakin a council seat , but denies him the rank of master , feeling that doing so would amount to giving palpatine a vote in the council .		did anything happen to yoda during the film		did anything happen to yoda during the film star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ( 2005 ) ?
yoda		star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ( 2005 )		who played yoda		i do n't know .		why was yoda important in this film		in revenge of the sith , yoda leads the jedi council in pursuing the mysterious sith lord darth sidious .		was he successful in this		yoda battles palpatine in a lightsaber duel that wrecks the senate rotunda . in the end , neither is able to overcome the other and yoda is forced to retreat .		what else did yoda do in the movie		additionally , they order him to spy on palpatine , whom anakin considers a friend and mentor .		why did they spy on palpatine		the council grants anakin a council seat , but denies him the rank of master , feeling that doing so would amount to giving palpatine a vote in the council .		did anything happen to yoda during the film		yoda battles palpatine in a lightsaber duel that wrecks the senate rotunda .		who won		who won the battle between yoda and palpatine in the film star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ( 2005 ) ?
yoda		star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ( 2005 )		who played yoda		i do n't know .		why was yoda important in this film		in revenge of the sith , yoda leads the jedi council in pursuing the mysterious sith lord darth sidious .		was he successful in this		yoda battles palpatine in a lightsaber duel that wrecks the senate rotunda . in the end , neither is able to overcome the other and yoda is forced to retreat .		what else did yoda do in the movie		additionally , they order him to spy on palpatine , whom anakin considers a friend and mentor .		why did they spy on palpatine		the council grants anakin a council seat , but denies him the rank of master , feeling that doing so would amount to giving palpatine a vote in the council .		did anything happen to yoda during the film		yoda battles palpatine in a lightsaber duel that wrecks the senate rotunda .		who won		in the end , neither is able to overcome the other and yoda is forced to retreat .		did they ever battle again		did yoda and palpatine ever battle again in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ?
yoda		star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ( 2005 )		who played yoda		i do n't know .		why was yoda important in this film		in revenge of the sith , yoda leads the jedi council in pursuing the mysterious sith lord darth sidious .		was he successful in this		yoda battles palpatine in a lightsaber duel that wrecks the senate rotunda . in the end , neither is able to overcome the other and yoda is forced to retreat .		what else did yoda do in the movie		additionally , they order him to spy on palpatine , whom anakin considers a friend and mentor .		why did they spy on palpatine		the council grants anakin a council seat , but denies him the rank of master , feeling that doing so would amount to giving palpatine a vote in the council .		did anything happen to yoda during the film		yoda battles palpatine in a lightsaber duel that wrecks the senate rotunda .		who won		in the end , neither is able to overcome the other and yoda is forced to retreat .		did they ever battle again		i do n't know .		did he destroy the sith		did yoda destroy the sith in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ( 2005 ) ?
ray price ( musician )		1940s-1950s success		what happened in the early 1940s ?		what happened with ray prince in the early 1940s ?
ray price ( musician )		1940s-1950s success		what happened in the early 1940s ?		after the war and college , price rethought his decision to continue schooling to be a veterinarian .		what success did ray have ?		what success did ray prince have ?
ray price ( musician )		1940s-1950s success		what happened in the early 1940s ?		after the war and college , price rethought his decision to continue schooling to be a veterinarian .		what success did ray have ?		he was the first artist to have a success with the song " release me " ( 1954		first artist out of who ?		ray prince was the first artist out of who ?
ray price ( musician )		1940s-1950s success		what happened in the early 1940s ?		after the war and college , price rethought his decision to continue schooling to be a veterinarian .		what success did ray have ?		he was the first artist to have a success with the song " release me " ( 1954		first artist out of who ?		his band , the drifting cowboys ,		did he release an album ?		did ray prince release an album ?
ray price ( musician )		1940s-1950s success		what happened in the early 1940s ?		after the war and college , price rethought his decision to continue schooling to be a veterinarian .		what success did ray have ?		he was the first artist to have a success with the song " release me " ( 1954		first artist out of who ?		his band , the drifting cowboys ,		did he release an album ?		i do n't know .		what were some of those hits ?		what were some of ray prince 's hits ?
ray price ( musician )		1940s-1950s success		what happened in the early 1940s ?		after the war and college , price rethought his decision to continue schooling to be a veterinarian .		what success did ray have ?		he was the first artist to have a success with the song " release me " ( 1954		first artist out of who ?		his band , the drifting cowboys ,		did he release an album ?		i do n't know .		what were some of those hits ?		" talk to your heart " ( 1952 ) and " release me " .		how did those do ? ?		how did ray prince 's songs " talk to your heart " and " release me " do ?
ray price ( musician )		1940s-1950s success		what happened in the early 1940s ?		after the war and college , price rethought his decision to continue schooling to be a veterinarian .		what success did ray have ?		he was the first artist to have a success with the song " release me " ( 1954		first artist out of who ?		his band , the drifting cowboys ,		did he release an album ?		i do n't know .		what were some of those hits ?		" talk to your heart " ( 1952 ) and " release me " .		how did those do ? ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article about ray prince , besides his songs " talk to your heart " and " release me " ?
ray price ( musician )		1940s-1950s success		what happened in the early 1940s ?		after the war and college , price rethought his decision to continue schooling to be a veterinarian .		what success did ray have ?		he was the first artist to have a success with the song " release me " ( 1954		first artist out of who ?		his band , the drifting cowboys ,		did he release an album ?		i do n't know .		what were some of those hits ?		" talk to your heart " ( 1952 ) and " release me " .		how did those do ? ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he relocated to nashville in the early 1950s ,		why did he do that ?		why did ray prince relocate to nashville ?
ray price ( musician )		1940s-1950s success		what happened in the early 1940s ?		after the war and college , price rethought his decision to continue schooling to be a veterinarian .		what success did ray have ?		he was the first artist to have a success with the song " release me " ( 1954		first artist out of who ?		his band , the drifting cowboys ,		did he release an album ?		i do n't know .		what were some of those hits ?		" talk to your heart " ( 1952 ) and " release me " .		how did those do ? ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he relocated to nashville in the early 1950s ,		why did he do that ?		i do n't know .		what happened following that ?		what happened following ray prince relocating to nashville
ray price ( musician )		1940s-1950s success		what happened in the early 1940s ?		after the war and college , price rethought his decision to continue schooling to be a veterinarian .		what success did ray have ?		he was the first artist to have a success with the song " release me " ( 1954		first artist out of who ?		his band , the drifting cowboys ,		did he release an album ?		i do n't know .		what were some of those hits ?		" talk to your heart " ( 1952 ) and " release me " .		how did those do ? ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he relocated to nashville in the early 1950s ,		why did he do that ?		i do n't know .		what happened following that ?		rooming for a brief time with hank williams . when williams died , price managed his band ,		how did he do as manager ?		how did ray prince do as manager ?
ray price ( musician )		1940s-1950s success		what happened in the early 1940s ?		after the war and college , price rethought his decision to continue schooling to be a veterinarian .		what success did ray have ?		he was the first artist to have a success with the song " release me " ( 1954		first artist out of who ?		his band , the drifting cowboys ,		did he release an album ?		i do n't know .		what were some of those hits ?		" talk to your heart " ( 1952 ) and " release me " .		how did those do ? ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he relocated to nashville in the early 1950s ,		why did he do that ?		i do n't know .		what happened following that ?		rooming for a brief time with hank williams . when williams died , price managed his band ,		how did he do as manager ?		price managed his band , the drifting cowboys , and had minor success .		did he do anything else in the 50s ?		did ray prince do anything else in the 50s , besides managing hank williams ' band ?
samuel barber		middle years		did he marry/		did samuel barber marry ?
samuel barber		middle years		did he marry/		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from barber 's middle years , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
samuel barber		middle years		did he marry/		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		barber won the pulitzer prize twice :		were any other awards won ?		in addition to the pulitzer prize , were any other awards won ?
samuel barber		middle years		did he marry/		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		barber won the pulitzer prize twice :		were any other awards won ?		he was awarded the american prix de rome		when was he awarded this ?		when was barber awarded the american prix de rome ?
samuel barber		middle years		did he marry/		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		barber won the pulitzer prize twice :		were any other awards won ?		he was awarded the american prix de rome		when was he awarded this ?		in 1935 ,		what did he win that award for ?		what did barber win the american prix de rome for ?
samuel barber		middle years		did he marry/		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		barber won the pulitzer prize twice :		were any other awards won ?		he was awarded the american prix de rome		when was he awarded this ?		in 1935 ,		what did he win that award for ?		i do n't know .		did he perform live ?		did barber perform live ?
samuel barber		early years		what happened in samuel 's early years ?		what happened in samuel barber 's early years ?
samuel barber		early years		what happened in samuel 's early years ?		barber was born in west chester , pennsylvania ,		did he receive any formal education ?		did samuel barber receive any formal education ?
samuel barber		early years		what happened in samuel 's early years ?		barber was born in west chester , pennsylvania ,		did he receive any formal education ?		when he was 14 , he entered the curtis institute of music in philadelphia ,		what happened when he was enroled in the institute ?		what happened when samuel barber was enrolled in the curtis institute of music in philadelphia ?
samuel barber		early years		what happened in samuel 's early years ?		barber was born in west chester , pennsylvania ,		did he receive any formal education ?		when he was 14 , he entered the curtis institute of music in philadelphia ,		what happened when he was enroled in the institute ?		where he studied piano with isabelle vengerova , composition with rosario scalero and george frederick boyle ,		did he received any further education after the institute ?		did samuel barber receive any further education after the curtis institute of music in philadelphia ?
samuel barber		early years		what happened in samuel 's early years ?		barber was born in west chester , pennsylvania ,		did he receive any formal education ?		when he was 14 , he entered the curtis institute of music in philadelphia ,		what happened when he was enroled in the institute ?		where he studied piano with isabelle vengerova , composition with rosario scalero and george frederick boyle ,		did he received any further education after the institute ?		voice with emilio de gogorza . he began composing seriously in his late teenage years .		did he compose anything noteworthy during those years ?		did samuel barber compose anything noteworthy during his teenage years ?
samuel barber		early years		what happened in samuel 's early years ?		barber was born in west chester , pennsylvania ,		did he receive any formal education ?		when he was 14 , he entered the curtis institute of music in philadelphia ,		what happened when he was enroled in the institute ?		where he studied piano with isabelle vengerova , composition with rosario scalero and george frederick boyle ,		did he received any further education after the institute ?		voice with emilio de gogorza . he began composing seriously in his late teenage years .		did he compose anything noteworthy during those years ?		at the age of 18 , barber won the joseph h. bearns prize from columbia university for his violin sonata ( now lost or destroyed by the composer ) .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than samuel barber 's early years and violin sonata , there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
jack nicklaus		senior golf career		how was his senior golf career ?		how was jack nicklaus ' senior golf career ?
jack nicklaus		senior golf career		how was his senior golf career ?		he then quickly won in his first start on the tour , the tradition , also a senior tour major championship .		did he win anything else ?		did jack nicklaus win anything else besides his first start on the tour " the tradition " ?
jack nicklaus		senior golf career		how was his senior golf career ?		he then quickly won in his first start on the tour , the tradition , also a senior tour major championship .		did he win anything else ?		nicklaus would go on to win another three traditions -- the final two in succession -- while the most anyone else has won is two .		did he do anything else in his career ?		did jack nicklaus win anything else in addition to " the traditions " in his career ?
jack nicklaus		senior golf career		how was his senior golf career ?		he then quickly won in his first start on the tour , the tradition , also a senior tour major championship .		did he win anything else ?		nicklaus would go on to win another three traditions -- the final two in succession -- while the most anyone else has won is two .		did he do anything else in his career ?		later in the year , nicklaus won the senior players championship by six shots over lee trevino		did he win any awards ?		did jack nicklaus win any awards ?
jack nicklaus		senior golf career		how was his senior golf career ?		he then quickly won in his first start on the tour , the tradition , also a senior tour major championship .		did he win anything else ?		nicklaus would go on to win another three traditions -- the final two in succession -- while the most anyone else has won is two .		did he do anything else in his career ?		later in the year , nicklaus won the senior players championship by six shots over lee trevino		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about jack nicklaus ' career other than " the traditions " and " the senior players championship " ?
jack nicklaus		senior golf career		how was his senior golf career ?		he then quickly won in his first start on the tour , the tradition , also a senior tour major championship .		did he win anything else ?		nicklaus would go on to win another three traditions -- the final two in succession -- while the most anyone else has won is two .		did he do anything else in his career ?		later in the year , nicklaus won the senior players championship by six shots over lee trevino		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		nicklaus has won all the senior majors with the exception of the senior open championship ( also known as the senior british open ) .		did he ever retire from golf ?		did jack nicklaus ever retire from golf ?
jack nicklaus		senior golf career		how was his senior golf career ?		he then quickly won in his first start on the tour , the tradition , also a senior tour major championship .		did he win anything else ?		nicklaus would go on to win another three traditions -- the final two in succession -- while the most anyone else has won is two .		did he do anything else in his career ?		later in the year , nicklaus won the senior players championship by six shots over lee trevino		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		nicklaus has won all the senior majors with the exception of the senior open championship ( also known as the senior british open ) .		did he ever retire from golf ?		i do n't know .		was there any conflicts in his career ?		was there any conflicts in jack nicklaus ' career ?
augustus pugin		pugin and australia		what did pugin do in australia ?		what did pugin do in australia ?
augustus pugin		pugin and australia		what did pugin do in australia ?		st stephen 's chapel , now in the cathedral grounds in elizabeth street , brisbane , was built to a design of a.w.n. pugin .		how is the chapel perceived by critics ?		how is the brisbane chapel perceived by critics ?
augustus pugin		pugin and australia		what did pugin do in australia ?		st stephen 's chapel , now in the cathedral grounds in elizabeth street , brisbane , was built to a design of a.w.n. pugin .		how is the chapel perceived by critics ?		pugin 's legacy in australia , is particularly of the idea of what a church should look like :		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides brisbane church , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
augustus pugin		pugin and australia		what did pugin do in australia ?		st stephen 's chapel , now in the cathedral grounds in elizabeth street , brisbane , was built to a design of a.w.n. pugin .		how is the chapel perceived by critics ?		pugin 's legacy in australia , is particularly of the idea of what a church should look like :		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		pugin 's legacy in australia , is particularly of the idea of what a church should look like :		what did other architects say about his work ?		along with the idea of pugin 's legacy about what a churh should look like , what did other architects say about pugin work ?
augustus pugin		pugin and australia		what did pugin do in australia ?		st stephen 's chapel , now in the cathedral grounds in elizabeth street , brisbane , was built to a design of a.w.n. pugin .		how is the chapel perceived by critics ?		pugin 's legacy in australia , is particularly of the idea of what a church should look like :		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		pugin 's legacy in australia , is particularly of the idea of what a church should look like :		what did other architects say about his work ?		i do n't know .		what other buildings did he design ?		in addition to st stephen 's chapel , what other buildings did pugin design ?
augustus pugin		pugin and australia		what did pugin do in australia ?		st stephen 's chapel , now in the cathedral grounds in elizabeth street , brisbane , was built to a design of a.w.n. pugin .		how is the chapel perceived by critics ?		pugin 's legacy in australia , is particularly of the idea of what a church should look like :		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		pugin 's legacy in australia , is particularly of the idea of what a church should look like :		what did other architects say about his work ?		i do n't know .		what other buildings did he design ?		st francis xavier 's in berrima ,		what was special about this building ?		what was special about st francis xavier 's in berrima building ?
augustus pugin		pugin and australia		what did pugin do in australia ?		st stephen 's chapel , now in the cathedral grounds in elizabeth street , brisbane , was built to a design of a.w.n. pugin .		how is the chapel perceived by critics ?		pugin 's legacy in australia , is particularly of the idea of what a church should look like :		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		pugin 's legacy in australia , is particularly of the idea of what a church should look like :		what did other architects say about his work ?		i do n't know .		what other buildings did he design ?		st francis xavier 's in berrima ,		what was special about this building ?		st francis xavier 's in berrima , new south wales is regarded as a fine example of a pugin church .		did he create buildings that were not churches ?		did pugin create buildings that were not churches ?
tim minchin		musical comedy		when was tim born		when was tim minchin born ?
tim minchin		musical comedy		when was tim born		i do n't know .		what was something tim enjoyed doing		what was something tim minchin enjoyed doing ?
tim minchin		musical comedy		when was tim born		i do n't know .		what was something tim enjoyed doing		i 'm a good musician for a comedian and i 'm a good comedian for a musician but if i had to do any of them in isolation i dunno . "		what was one of the 1st things he did in his career		what was one of the 1st things tim minchin did in his career ?
tim minchin		musical comedy		when was tim born		i do n't know .		what was something tim enjoyed doing		i 'm a good musician for a comedian and i 'm a good comedian for a musician but if i had to do any of them in isolation i dunno . "		what was one of the 1st things he did in his career		i do n't know .		what was one of his performances		what was one of tim minchin 's performances ?
tim minchin		musical comedy		when was tim born		i do n't know .		what was something tim enjoyed doing		i 'm a good musician for a comedian and i 'm a good comedian for a musician but if i had to do any of them in isolation i dunno . "		what was one of the 1st things he did in his career		i do n't know .		what was one of his performances		the shows consist largely of minchin 's comedic songs and poetry , with subjects including social satire , inflatable dolls , sex fetishes , and his own failed rock star ambitions .		what was the name of one of his performances		what was the name of one of tim minchin 's performances ?
chris christie		firearms		what is chris christie 's view on firearms ?		what is chris christie 's view on firearms ?
chris christie		firearms		what is chris christie 's view on firearms ?		commuted the seven - year sentence of brian aitken , who had been convicted of transporting three guns within the state ; as a result , aitken was released		did he release other prisoners ?		did chris christie release prisoners other than brian aitken ?
chris christie		firearms		what is chris christie 's view on firearms ?		commuted the seven - year sentence of brian aitken , who had been convicted of transporting three guns within the state ; as a result , aitken was released		did he release other prisoners ?		i do n't know .		what happened after aitken was released ?		what happened after aitken was released ?
chris christie		firearms		what is chris christie 's view on firearms ?		commuted the seven - year sentence of brian aitken , who had been convicted of transporting three guns within the state ; as a result , aitken was released		did he release other prisoners ?		i do n't know .		what happened after aitken was released ?		i do n't know .		did he support any gun laws ?		did chris christie support any gun laws ?
chris christie		firearms		what is chris christie 's view on firearms ?		commuted the seven - year sentence of brian aitken , who had been convicted of transporting three guns within the state ; as a result , aitken was released		did he release other prisoners ?		i do n't know .		what happened after aitken was released ?		i do n't know .		did he support any gun laws ?		handguns . in july 2014 , christie vetoed legislation that would have reduced the allowed legal size of ammunition magazines .		why did he veto the legislation ?		why did chris christie veto the legislation to reduce the allowed legal size of ammunition magazines ?
roberto mangabeira unger		programmatic thought		what is programmatic thought ?		what is roberto mangabeira unger , 's programmatic thought ?
roberto mangabeira unger		programmatic thought		what is programmatic thought ?		key in unger 's thinking is the need to re - imagine social institutions before attempting to revise them . this calls for a program , or programmatic thought .		can you explain the mechanism of thinking ?		can you explain the mechanism of thinking under roberto mangabeira unger , 's programmatic thought ?
roberto mangabeira unger		programmatic thought		what is programmatic thought ?		key in unger 's thinking is the need to re - imagine social institutions before attempting to revise them . this calls for a program , or programmatic thought .		can you explain the mechanism of thinking ?		in building this program , however , we must not entertain complete revolutionary overhaul , lest we be plagued by three false assumptions :		what are the three false assumptions ?		what are the three false assumptions according to roberto mangabeira unger ?
roberto mangabeira unger		programmatic thought		what is programmatic thought ?		key in unger 's thinking is the need to re - imagine social institutions before attempting to revise them . this calls for a program , or programmatic thought .		can you explain the mechanism of thinking ?		in building this program , however , we must not entertain complete revolutionary overhaul , lest we be plagued by three false assumptions :		what are the three false assumptions ?		typological fallacy :		what is the next one ?		aside from typological fallacy , what is another false assumption according to roberto mangabeira unger ?
roberto mangabeira unger		programmatic thought		what is programmatic thought ?		key in unger 's thinking is the need to re - imagine social institutions before attempting to revise them . this calls for a program , or programmatic thought .		can you explain the mechanism of thinking ?		in building this program , however , we must not entertain complete revolutionary overhaul , lest we be plagued by three false assumptions :		what are the three false assumptions ?		typological fallacy :		what is the next one ?		indivisibility fallacy :		what is the third one ?		aside from typological fallacy and indivisibility fallacy , what is the last false assumption according to roberto mangabeira unger ?
roberto mangabeira unger		programmatic thought		what is programmatic thought ?		key in unger 's thinking is the need to re - imagine social institutions before attempting to revise them . this calls for a program , or programmatic thought .		can you explain the mechanism of thinking ?		in building this program , however , we must not entertain complete revolutionary overhaul , lest we be plagued by three false assumptions :		what are the three false assumptions ?		typological fallacy :		what is the next one ?		indivisibility fallacy :		what is the third one ?		determinism fallacy :		what is typological fallacy ?		what is typological fallacy ?
roberto mangabeira unger		programmatic thought		what is programmatic thought ?		key in unger 's thinking is the need to re - imagine social institutions before attempting to revise them . this calls for a program , or programmatic thought .		can you explain the mechanism of thinking ?		in building this program , however , we must not entertain complete revolutionary overhaul , lest we be plagued by three false assumptions :		what are the three false assumptions ?		typological fallacy :		what is the next one ?		indivisibility fallacy :		what is the third one ?		determinism fallacy :		what is typological fallacy ?		the fallacy that there is closed list of institutional alternatives in history , such as " feudalism " or " capitalism		what is indivisibility fallacy ?		what is indivisibility fallacy ?
roberto mangabeira unger		programmatic thought		what is programmatic thought ?		key in unger 's thinking is the need to re - imagine social institutions before attempting to revise them . this calls for a program , or programmatic thought .		can you explain the mechanism of thinking ?		in building this program , however , we must not entertain complete revolutionary overhaul , lest we be plagued by three false assumptions :		what are the three false assumptions ?		typological fallacy :		what is the next one ?		indivisibility fallacy :		what is the third one ?		determinism fallacy :		what is typological fallacy ?		the fallacy that there is closed list of institutional alternatives in history , such as " feudalism " or " capitalism		what is indivisibility fallacy ?		most subscribers to revolutionary leftism wrongly believe that institutional structures must stand and fall together .		what is determinism fallacy ?		what is determinism fallacy ?
tracy mcgrady		orlando magic ( 2000 - 04 )		how well did tracy do with the orlando magic ?		how well did tracy mcgrady do with the orlando magic ?
tracy mcgrady		orlando magic ( 2000 - 04 )		how well did tracy do with the orlando magic ?		during the 2000 - 01 season , mcgrady defied the expectations of many , emerging as one of the best players in the nba ,		what were his most impressive accomplishments ?		what were tracy mcgrady 's most impressive accomplishments ?
tracy mcgrady		orlando magic ( 2000 - 04 )		how well did tracy do with the orlando magic ?		during the 2000 - 01 season , mcgrady defied the expectations of many , emerging as one of the best players in the nba ,		what were his most impressive accomplishments ?		mcgrady 's play earned him his first all - star game appearance and , behind averages of 26.8 points , 7.5 rebounds , and 4.6 assists per game ,		did he receive any recognitions ?		did tracy mcgrady receive any recognitions ?
tracy mcgrady		orlando magic ( 2000 - 04 )		how well did tracy do with the orlando magic ?		during the 2000 - 01 season , mcgrady defied the expectations of many , emerging as one of the best players in the nba ,		what were his most impressive accomplishments ?		mcgrady 's play earned him his first all - star game appearance and , behind averages of 26.8 points , 7.5 rebounds , and 4.6 assists per game ,		did he receive any recognitions ?		he was also voted the league 's most improved player .		why did he leave the magic ?		why did tracy mcgrady leave the orlando magic ?
tracy mcgrady		orlando magic ( 2000 - 04 )		how well did tracy do with the orlando magic ?		during the 2000 - 01 season , mcgrady defied the expectations of many , emerging as one of the best players in the nba ,		what were his most impressive accomplishments ?		mcgrady 's play earned him his first all - star game appearance and , behind averages of 26.8 points , 7.5 rebounds , and 4.6 assists per game ,		did he receive any recognitions ?		he was also voted the league 's most improved player .		why did he leave the magic ?		i do n't know .		did the magic make the playoffs while he was there ?		did the orlando magics make the playoffs while tracy mcgrady was there ?
tracy mcgrady		orlando magic ( 2000 - 04 )		how well did tracy do with the orlando magic ?		during the 2000 - 01 season , mcgrady defied the expectations of many , emerging as one of the best players in the nba ,		what were his most impressive accomplishments ?		mcgrady 's play earned him his first all - star game appearance and , behind averages of 26.8 points , 7.5 rebounds , and 4.6 assists per game ,		did he receive any recognitions ?		he was also voted the league 's most improved player .		why did he leave the magic ?		i do n't know .		did the magic make the playoffs while he was there ?		despite holding the series lead , the magic were eliminated in seven games .		what was his personal best season while there ?		what was tracy mcgrady 's personal best season while in the orlando magics ?
gentle giant		formation of gentle giant		when was the band originally formed ?		when was the band " gentle giant " originally formed ?
gentle giant		formation of gentle giant		when was the band originally formed ?		gentle giant was formed in 1970 when the shulman brothers teamed up with two other multi - instrumentalists ,		what did the brothers play ?		what instruments did the shulman brothers from gentle giant play ?
gentle giant		formation of gentle giant		when was the band originally formed ?		gentle giant was formed in 1970 when the shulman brothers teamed up with two other multi - instrumentalists ,		what did the brothers play ?		the shulman brothers , meanwhile , settled into typically multi - instrumental roles of their own : derek on saxophone and recorder ; ray on bass and violin ; phil on saxophone , trumpet , and clarinet .		where are they from ?		where are the shulman brothers from ?
gentle giant		formation of gentle giant		when was the band originally formed ?		gentle giant was formed in 1970 when the shulman brothers teamed up with two other multi - instrumentalists ,		what did the brothers play ?		the shulman brothers , meanwhile , settled into typically multi - instrumental roles of their own : derek on saxophone and recorder ; ray on bass and violin ; phil on saxophone , trumpet , and clarinet .		where are they from ?		i do n't know .		what was his main study there ?		what was the shulman brother 's main study ?
gentle giant		formation of gentle giant		when was the band originally formed ?		gentle giant was formed in 1970 when the shulman brothers teamed up with two other multi - instrumentalists ,		what did the brothers play ?		the shulman brothers , meanwhile , settled into typically multi - instrumental roles of their own : derek on saxophone and recorder ; ray on bass and violin ; phil on saxophone , trumpet , and clarinet .		where are they from ?		i do n't know .		what was his main study there ?		a degree in composition ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article in addition to the origins of the gentle giant band ?
gentle giant		formation of gentle giant		when was the band originally formed ?		gentle giant was formed in 1970 when the shulman brothers teamed up with two other multi - instrumentalists ,		what did the brothers play ?		the shulman brothers , meanwhile , settled into typically multi - instrumental roles of their own : derek on saxophone and recorder ; ray on bass and violin ; phil on saxophone , trumpet , and clarinet .		where are they from ?		i do n't know .		what was his main study there ?		a degree in composition ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the new band also featured three lead vocalists .		did they all grow up in the same place ?		did all the gentle giant members grow up in the same place ?
gentle giant		formation of gentle giant		when was the band originally formed ?		gentle giant was formed in 1970 when the shulman brothers teamed up with two other multi - instrumentalists ,		what did the brothers play ?		the shulman brothers , meanwhile , settled into typically multi - instrumental roles of their own : derek on saxophone and recorder ; ray on bass and violin ; phil on saxophone , trumpet , and clarinet .		where are they from ?		i do n't know .		what was his main study there ?		a degree in composition ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the new band also featured three lead vocalists .		did they all grow up in the same place ?		i do n't know .		what gave them the idea for the name ?		what gave the gentle giant members the idea for the name ?
gentle giant		formation of gentle giant		when was the band originally formed ?		gentle giant was formed in 1970 when the shulman brothers teamed up with two other multi - instrumentalists ,		what did the brothers play ?		the shulman brothers , meanwhile , settled into typically multi - instrumental roles of their own : derek on saxophone and recorder ; ray on bass and violin ; phil on saxophone , trumpet , and clarinet .		where are they from ?		i do n't know .		what was his main study there ?		a degree in composition ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the new band also featured three lead vocalists .		did they all grow up in the same place ?		i do n't know .		what gave them the idea for the name ?		the band 's name was a reference to a fictional character , a " gentle giant " that happens upon a band of musicians and is enthralled with their music .		did they have a lot of trouble getting started ?		did gentle giant have a lot of trouble getting started ?
gentle giant		formation of gentle giant		when was the band originally formed ?		gentle giant was formed in 1970 when the shulman brothers teamed up with two other multi - instrumentalists ,		what did the brothers play ?		the shulman brothers , meanwhile , settled into typically multi - instrumental roles of their own : derek on saxophone and recorder ; ray on bass and violin ; phil on saxophone , trumpet , and clarinet .		where are they from ?		i do n't know .		what was his main study there ?		a degree in composition ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the new band also featured three lead vocalists .		did they all grow up in the same place ?		i do n't know .		what gave them the idea for the name ?		the band 's name was a reference to a fictional character , a " gentle giant " that happens upon a band of musicians and is enthralled with their music .		did they have a lot of trouble getting started ?		from the start , gentle giant was a particularly flexible band because of the exceptionally broad musical skills of its members .		was it hard for them to be discovered ?		was it hard for the gentle giant band to be discovered ?
gentle giant		formation of gentle giant		when was the band originally formed ?		gentle giant was formed in 1970 when the shulman brothers teamed up with two other multi - instrumentalists ,		what did the brothers play ?		the shulman brothers , meanwhile , settled into typically multi - instrumental roles of their own : derek on saxophone and recorder ; ray on bass and violin ; phil on saxophone , trumpet , and clarinet .		where are they from ?		i do n't know .		what was his main study there ?		a degree in composition ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the new band also featured three lead vocalists .		did they all grow up in the same place ?		i do n't know .		what gave them the idea for the name ?		the band 's name was a reference to a fictional character , a " gentle giant " that happens upon a band of musicians and is enthralled with their music .		did they have a lot of trouble getting started ?		from the start , gentle giant was a particularly flexible band because of the exceptionally broad musical skills of its members .		was it hard for them to be discovered ?		i do n't know .		did they have any family ?		did anyone from gentle giant have any family ?
michael martin murphey		austin / outlaw country years		what were his austin / outlaw country years ?		what were michael martin murphey 's austin / outlaw country years ?
michael martin murphey		austin / outlaw country years		what were his austin / outlaw country years ?		in 1971 , murphey returned to texas and became part of the so - called outlaw country movement ,		did he work with merle haggard ?		did michael martin murphey work with merle haggard ?
michael martin murphey		austin / outlaw country years		what were his austin / outlaw country years ?		in 1971 , murphey returned to texas and became part of the so - called outlaw country movement ,		did he work with merle haggard ?		i do n't know .		did he record any albums at this time ?		did michael martin murphey record any albums during his austin / outlaw country years ?
michael martin murphey		austin / outlaw country years		what were his austin / outlaw country years ?		in 1971 , murphey returned to texas and became part of the so - called outlaw country movement ,		did he work with merle haggard ?		i do n't know .		did he record any albums at this time ?		in 1972 , johnston produced murphey 's first album geronimo 's cadillac in nashville , tennessee .		was the album successful ?		was geronimo 's cadillac successful ?
michael martin murphey		austin / outlaw country years		what were his austin / outlaw country years ?		in 1971 , murphey returned to texas and became part of the so - called outlaw country movement ,		did he work with merle haggard ?		i do n't know .		did he record any albums at this time ?		in 1972 , johnston produced murphey 's first album geronimo 's cadillac in nashville , tennessee .		was the album successful ?		the title track was released as a single , and reached the top 40 on the us pop charts .		were there any other singles from the album ?		besides the title track , were there any other singles from geronimo 's cadillac ?
michael martin murphey		austin / outlaw country years		what were his austin / outlaw country years ?		in 1971 , murphey returned to texas and became part of the so - called outlaw country movement ,		did he work with merle haggard ?		i do n't know .		did he record any albums at this time ?		in 1972 , johnston produced murphey 's first album geronimo 's cadillac in nashville , tennessee .		was the album successful ?		the title track was released as a single , and reached the top 40 on the us pop charts .		were there any other singles from the album ?		in 1973 , murphey followed up with the album cosmic cowboy souvenir , which continued the urban cowboy theme of the first album .		were there singles from that album ?		were there singles from cosmic cowboy souvenir ?
michael martin murphey		austin / outlaw country years		what were his austin / outlaw country years ?		in 1971 , murphey returned to texas and became part of the so - called outlaw country movement ,		did he work with merle haggard ?		i do n't know .		did he record any albums at this time ?		in 1972 , johnston produced murphey 's first album geronimo 's cadillac in nashville , tennessee .		was the album successful ?		the title track was released as a single , and reached the top 40 on the us pop charts .		were there any other singles from the album ?		in 1973 , murphey followed up with the album cosmic cowboy souvenir , which continued the urban cowboy theme of the first album .		were there singles from that album ?		the album included " cosmic cowboy , pt . 1 " , " alleys of austin " , and " rolling hills " .		was the album popular ?		was cosmic cowboy souvenir popular ?
william herschel		further discoveries		what is one astronomy discovery that was found by william herschel ?		what is one astronomy discovery that was found by william herschel ?
william herschel		further discoveries		what is one astronomy discovery that was found by william herschel ?		herschel discovered two moons of saturn , mimas and enceladus ;		did he teach at a university ?		did william herschel teach at a university ?
william herschel		further discoveries		what is one astronomy discovery that was found by william herschel ?		herschel discovered two moons of saturn , mimas and enceladus ;		did he teach at a university ?		i do n't know .		did he work with any other astronomers ?		besides working alone , did william herschel work with any other astronomers ?
william herschel		further discoveries		what is one astronomy discovery that was found by william herschel ?		herschel discovered two moons of saturn , mimas and enceladus ;		did he teach at a university ?		i do n't know .		did he work with any other astronomers ?		i do n't know .		what other discoveries did william herschel find ?		in addition to discovering the two moons of saturn , what other discoveries did william herschel find ?
william herschel		further discoveries		what is one astronomy discovery that was found by william herschel ?		herschel discovered two moons of saturn , mimas and enceladus ;		did he teach at a university ?		i do n't know .		did he work with any other astronomers ?		i do n't know .		what other discoveries did william herschel find ?		two moons of uranus , titania and oberon . he did not give these moons their names ; they were named by his son john in 1847		do we know what methods he used to find the two moons of uranus , titania , or oberon ?		do we know what methods william herschel used to find the two moons of uranus , titania , or oberon ?
saparmurat niyazov		internal affairs		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any interesting aspects about this article ?
saparmurat niyazov		internal affairs		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		all libraries outside of the capital were also closed , as niyazov believed that the only books that most turkmen needed to read were the qur'an and his ruhnama .		what other beliefs did he have ?		what other beliefs did saparmurat niyazov have besides believing that the only books most turkmen need to read with the qur'an and his ruhnama ?
saparmurat niyazov		internal affairs		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		all libraries outside of the capital were also closed , as niyazov believed that the only books that most turkmen needed to read were the qur'an and his ruhnama .		what other beliefs did he have ?		one of the earliest acts of the president was to abolish the death penalty .		how did the public take this ?		how did the public take saparmurat niyazov 's abolishing the death penalty ?
saparmurat niyazov		internal affairs		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		all libraries outside of the capital were also closed , as niyazov believed that the only books that most turkmen needed to read were the qur'an and his ruhnama .		what other beliefs did he have ?		one of the earliest acts of the president was to abolish the death penalty .		how did the public take this ?		they were not respected in practice with his government being criticised as one of the worst human rights violators in the world .		why was he viewed in that manner ?		why was saparmurat niyazov viewed as one of the worst human rights violators in the world ?
saparmurat niyazov		presidency		when did he become president ?		when did saparmurat niyazov become president ?
saparmurat niyazov		presidency		when did he become president ?		i do n't know .		what was one of the big accomplishments during his presidency ?		what was one of the big accomplishments during saparmurat niyazov 's presidency ?
saparmurat niyazov		presidency		when did he become president ?		i do n't know .		what was one of the big accomplishments during his presidency ?		he renamed the town of krasnovodsk " turkmenbashi " after himself , and renamed schools , airports and even a meteorite after himself		what laws did niyazov change while president ?		what laws did saparmurat niyazov change while president ?
saparmurat niyazov		presidency		when did he become president ?		i do n't know .		what was one of the big accomplishments during his presidency ?		he renamed the town of krasnovodsk " turkmenbashi " after himself , and renamed schools , airports and even a meteorite after himself		what laws did niyazov change while president ?		he also took part in creating new holidays with a specific turkmen nature and introduced a new latin - based turkmen alphabet		what years what his presidency in ?		what years was saparmurat niyazov 's presidency in ?
saparmurat niyazov		presidency		when did he become president ?		i do n't know .		what was one of the big accomplishments during his presidency ?		he renamed the town of krasnovodsk " turkmenbashi " after himself , and renamed schools , airports and even a meteorite after himself		what laws did niyazov change while president ?		he also took part in creating new holidays with a specific turkmen nature and introduced a new latin - based turkmen alphabet		what years what his presidency in ?		i do n't know .		what other accomplishments did he have ?		what other accomplishments together with creating new holidays and introducing latin - based turkmen alphabet did saparmurat niyazov have ?
jos sarria		jose i , the widow norton		who is jose i		who is jose i ?
jos sarria		jose i , the widow norton		who is jose i		sarria , stating that he was " already a queen " , proclaimed himself " her royal majesty , empress of san francisco , jose i , the widow norton " .		when did this happen		when did jose sarria proclaim himself " her royal majesty , empress of san francisco , jose i , the widow norton " ?
jos sarria		jose i , the widow norton		who is jose i		sarria , stating that he was " already a queen " , proclaimed himself " her royal majesty , empress of san francisco , jose i , the widow norton " .		when did this happen		in 1964		what was significant about the statement ?		what was significant about the statement jose sarria made ?
jos sarria		jose i , the widow norton		who is jose i		sarria , stating that he was " already a queen " , proclaimed himself " her royal majesty , empress of san francisco , jose i , the widow norton " .		when did this happen		in 1964		what was significant about the statement ?		sarria devised the name " widow norton " as a reference to the much - celebrated citizen of 19th century san francisco , joshua norton ,		did jose admire joshua norton ?		did jose sarria admire joshua norton ?
jos sarria		jose i , the widow norton		who is jose i		sarria , stating that he was " already a queen " , proclaimed himself " her royal majesty , empress of san francisco , jose i , the widow norton " .		when did this happen		in 1964		what was significant about the statement ?		sarria devised the name " widow norton " as a reference to the much - celebrated citizen of 19th century san francisco , joshua norton ,		did jose admire joshua norton ?		sarria organized elaborate annual pilgrimages to lay flowers on norton 's grave in the woodlawn cemetery in colma , california .		when did norton die ?		when did joshua norton die ?
jos sarria		jose i , the widow norton		who is jose i		sarria , stating that he was " already a queen " , proclaimed himself " her royal majesty , empress of san francisco , jose i , the widow norton " .		when did this happen		in 1964		what was significant about the statement ?		sarria devised the name " widow norton " as a reference to the much - celebrated citizen of 19th century san francisco , joshua norton ,		did jose admire joshua norton ?		sarria organized elaborate annual pilgrimages to lay flowers on norton 's grave in the woodlawn cemetery in colma , california .		when did norton die ?		i do n't know .		how did jose know norton ?		how did jose sarria know joshua norton ?
jos sarria		jose i , the widow norton		who is jose i		sarria , stating that he was " already a queen " , proclaimed himself " her royal majesty , empress of san francisco , jose i , the widow norton " .		when did this happen		in 1964		what was significant about the statement ?		sarria devised the name " widow norton " as a reference to the much - celebrated citizen of 19th century san francisco , joshua norton ,		did jose admire joshua norton ?		sarria organized elaborate annual pilgrimages to lay flowers on norton 's grave in the woodlawn cemetery in colma , california .		when did norton die ?		i do n't know .		how did jose know norton ?		i do n't know .		what was it about norton that jose admired ?		why did jose sarria admire joshua norton ?
jos sarria		jose i , the widow norton		who is jose i		sarria , stating that he was " already a queen " , proclaimed himself " her royal majesty , empress of san francisco , jose i , the widow norton " .		when did this happen		in 1964		what was significant about the statement ?		sarria devised the name " widow norton " as a reference to the much - celebrated citizen of 19th century san francisco , joshua norton ,		did jose admire joshua norton ?		sarria organized elaborate annual pilgrimages to lay flowers on norton 's grave in the woodlawn cemetery in colma , california .		when did norton die ?		i do n't know .		how did jose know norton ?		i do n't know .		what was it about norton that jose admired ?		i do n't know .		what else was significant about this time in joses life		besides the reference about joshua norton , what else was significant in jose sarria 's life ?
jos sarria		jose i , the widow norton		who is jose i		sarria , stating that he was " already a queen " , proclaimed himself " her royal majesty , empress of san francisco , jose i , the widow norton " .		when did this happen		in 1964		what was significant about the statement ?		sarria devised the name " widow norton " as a reference to the much - celebrated citizen of 19th century san francisco , joshua norton ,		did jose admire joshua norton ?		sarria organized elaborate annual pilgrimages to lay flowers on norton 's grave in the woodlawn cemetery in colma , california .		when did norton die ?		i do n't know .		how did jose know norton ?		i do n't know .		what was it about norton that jose admired ?		i do n't know .		what else was significant about this time in joses life		sarria helped found the society for individual rights ( sir ) in 1963 .		what did the sir do ?		what did the society for individual rights do ?
jos sarria		jose i , the widow norton		who is jose i		sarria , stating that he was " already a queen " , proclaimed himself " her royal majesty , empress of san francisco , jose i , the widow norton " .		when did this happen		in 1964		what was significant about the statement ?		sarria devised the name " widow norton " as a reference to the much - celebrated citizen of 19th century san francisco , joshua norton ,		did jose admire joshua norton ?		sarria organized elaborate annual pilgrimages to lay flowers on norton 's grave in the woodlawn cemetery in colma , california .		when did norton die ?		i do n't know .		how did jose know norton ?		i do n't know .		what was it about norton that jose admired ?		i do n't know .		what else was significant about this time in joses life		sarria helped found the society for individual rights ( sir ) in 1963 .		what did the sir do ?		in association with the tavern guild , sir printed and distributed " pocket lawyers " .		what is : pocket lawyers " ?		what are " pocket lawyers " ?
jos sarria		jose i , the widow norton		who is jose i		sarria , stating that he was " already a queen " , proclaimed himself " her royal majesty , empress of san francisco , jose i , the widow norton " .		when did this happen		in 1964		what was significant about the statement ?		sarria devised the name " widow norton " as a reference to the much - celebrated citizen of 19th century san francisco , joshua norton ,		did jose admire joshua norton ?		sarria organized elaborate annual pilgrimages to lay flowers on norton 's grave in the woodlawn cemetery in colma , california .		when did norton die ?		i do n't know .		how did jose know norton ?		i do n't know .		what was it about norton that jose admired ?		i do n't know .		what else was significant about this time in joses life		sarria helped found the society for individual rights ( sir ) in 1963 .		what did the sir do ?		in association with the tavern guild , sir printed and distributed " pocket lawyers " .		what is : pocket lawyers " ?		these pocket - sized guides offered advice on what to do if arrested or harassed by police . sir lasted for 17 years .		why did sir eventually end ?		why did society for individual rights eventually end ?
hyksos		under ahmose		is there any interesting information in this section ?		is there any interesting information in under ahmose ?
hyksos		under ahmose		is there any interesting information in this section ?		after the fall of avaris , the fleeing hyksos were pursued by the egyptian army across northern sinai peninsula and into the southern levant .		where did they settle after that ?		where did hyksos settle after been pursued by the egyptian army ?
hyksos		under ahmose		is there any interesting information in this section ?		after the fall of avaris , the fleeing hyksos were pursued by the egyptian army across northern sinai peninsula and into the southern levant .		where did they settle after that ?		one season of campaigning before the hyksos were shut up in sharuhen , the chronological sequence must remain uncertain .		what other groups were they around ?		in addittion to egyptians what other groups were hyksos around ?
hyksos		under ahmose		is there any interesting information in this section ?		after the fall of avaris , the fleeing hyksos were pursued by the egyptian army across northern sinai peninsula and into the southern levant .		where did they settle after that ?		one season of campaigning before the hyksos were shut up in sharuhen , the chronological sequence must remain uncertain .		what other groups were they around ?		i do n't know .		what were they fighting over ?		what were hyksos fighting over ?
steve waugh		struggles in the caribbean		when did waugh have issues in the caribbean ?		when did waugh have issues in the caribbean ?
steve waugh		struggles in the caribbean		when did waugh have issues in the caribbean ?		mark taylor retired at the end of the 1998 - 99 season and waugh replaced him as test captain , beginning with a tour of the caribbean .		what team did he play for ?		what team did steve waugh play for ?
steve waugh		struggles in the caribbean		when did waugh have issues in the caribbean ?		mark taylor retired at the end of the 1998 - 99 season and waugh replaced him as test captain , beginning with a tour of the caribbean .		what team did he play for ?		australia		how did the kiwi 's play first ?		how did the kiwi 's play first in the caribbean ?
steve waugh		struggles in the caribbean		when did waugh have issues in the caribbean ?		mark taylor retired at the end of the 1998 - 99 season and waugh replaced him as test captain , beginning with a tour of the caribbean .		what team did he play for ?		australia		how did the kiwi 's play first ?		i do n't know .		how did waugh struggle ?		how did steve waugh struggle in the caribbean ?
steve waugh		struggles in the caribbean		when did waugh have issues in the caribbean ?		mark taylor retired at the end of the 1998 - 99 season and waugh replaced him as test captain , beginning with a tour of the caribbean .		what team did he play for ?		australia		how did the kiwi 's play first ?		i do n't know .		how did waugh struggle ?		a crowd invasion resulted in all the stumps being removed , with waugh out of his ground when the ball was returned by the fielder .		where was the crowd invasion ?		where was the crowd invasion ?
steve waugh		struggles in the caribbean		when did waugh have issues in the caribbean ?		mark taylor retired at the end of the 1998 - 99 season and waugh replaced him as test captain , beginning with a tour of the caribbean .		what team did he play for ?		australia		how did the kiwi 's play first ?		i do n't know .		how did waugh struggle ?		a crowd invasion resulted in all the stumps being removed , with waugh out of his ground when the ball was returned by the fielder .		where was the crowd invasion ?		in the fifth match at georgetown , guyana , waugh was facing the bowling of keith arthurton with his team needing four runs from the final over to win .		did they beat the guyana team ?		did steve waugh 's team beat the guyana team ?
steve waugh		struggles in the caribbean		when did waugh have issues in the caribbean ?		mark taylor retired at the end of the 1998 - 99 season and waugh replaced him as test captain , beginning with a tour of the caribbean .		what team did he play for ?		australia		how did the kiwi 's play first ?		i do n't know .		how did waugh struggle ?		a crowd invasion resulted in all the stumps being removed , with waugh out of his ground when the ball was returned by the fielder .		where was the crowd invasion ?		in the fifth match at georgetown , guyana , waugh was facing the bowling of keith arthurton with his team needing four runs from the final over to win .		did they beat the guyana team ?		the match was declared a tie .		did they win any matches on the caribbean tour ?		did steve waugh 's team win any matches on the caribbean tour ?
steve waugh		struggles in the caribbean		when did waugh have issues in the caribbean ?		mark taylor retired at the end of the 1998 - 99 season and waugh replaced him as test captain , beginning with a tour of the caribbean .		what team did he play for ?		australia		how did the kiwi 's play first ?		i do n't know .		how did waugh struggle ?		a crowd invasion resulted in all the stumps being removed , with waugh out of his ground when the ball was returned by the fielder .		where was the crowd invasion ?		in the fifth match at georgetown , guyana , waugh was facing the bowling of keith arthurton with his team needing four runs from the final over to win .		did they beat the guyana team ?		the match was declared a tie .		did they win any matches on the caribbean tour ?		australia won the final test despite a third consecutive century from lara , and retained the frank worrell trophy 2 - 2 .		how did waugh perform ?		how did steve waugh perform ?
steve waugh		struggles in the caribbean		when did waugh have issues in the caribbean ?		mark taylor retired at the end of the 1998 - 99 season and waugh replaced him as test captain , beginning with a tour of the caribbean .		what team did he play for ?		australia		how did the kiwi 's play first ?		i do n't know .		how did waugh struggle ?		a crowd invasion resulted in all the stumps being removed , with waugh out of his ground when the ball was returned by the fielder .		where was the crowd invasion ?		in the fifth match at georgetown , guyana , waugh was facing the bowling of keith arthurton with his team needing four runs from the final over to win .		did they beat the guyana team ?		the match was declared a tie .		did they win any matches on the caribbean tour ?		australia won the final test despite a third consecutive century from lara , and retained the frank worrell trophy 2 - 2 .		how did waugh perform ?		this result placed waugh under immense pressure and he made a controversial decision to drop shane warne from the team for the final fourth test .		who did the australian 's lose too ?		who did the steve waugh 's team lose to ?
the oprah winfrey show		celebrities		how many celebrities did she have on her show		how many celebrities did oprah winfrey have on her show ?
the oprah winfrey show		celebrities		how many celebrities did she have on her show		i do n't know .		was he the only celebrity on her show		was michael jackson the only celebrity on the oprah winfrey show ?
the oprah winfrey show		celebrities		how many celebrities did she have on her show		i do n't know .		was he the only celebrity on her show		taylor		did the celebrities do anything special for her show		did the celebrities do anything special for the oprah winfrey show ?
the oprah winfrey show		celebrities		how many celebrities did she have on her show		i do n't know .		was he the only celebrity on her show		taylor		did the celebrities do anything special for her show		winfrey sat down with michael jackson for what would become the most - watched interview in television history .		when was michael on her show		when was michael jackson on the oprah winfrey show ?
the oprah winfrey show		celebrities		how many celebrities did she have on her show		i do n't know .		was he the only celebrity on her show		taylor		did the celebrities do anything special for her show		winfrey sat down with michael jackson for what would become the most - watched interview in television history .		when was michael on her show		on february 10 , 1993 ,		when was taylor on her show		when was taylor on the oprah winfrey show ?
the oprah winfrey show		celebrities		how many celebrities did she have on her show		i do n't know .		was he the only celebrity on her show		taylor		did the celebrities do anything special for her show		winfrey sat down with michael jackson for what would become the most - watched interview in television history .		when was michael on her show		on february 10 , 1993 ,		when was taylor on her show		1992 ,		was there anything special about the show with taylor		was there anything special about the the oprah winfrey show in 1992 with taylor ?
the oprah winfrey show		celebrities		how many celebrities did she have on her show		i do n't know .		was he the only celebrity on her show		taylor		did the celebrities do anything special for her show		winfrey sat down with michael jackson for what would become the most - watched interview in television history .		when was michael on her show		on february 10 , 1993 ,		when was taylor on her show		1992 ,		was there anything special about the show with taylor		apologized to winfrey and told her that she was in excruciating back and hip pain at the time .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article regarding the oprah winfrey show other than her interviews with michael jackson and taylor ?
the oprah winfrey show		celebrities		how many celebrities did she have on her show		i do n't know .		was he the only celebrity on her show		taylor		did the celebrities do anything special for her show		winfrey sat down with michael jackson for what would become the most - watched interview in television history .		when was michael on her show		on february 10 , 1993 ,		when was taylor on her show		1992 ,		was there anything special about the show with taylor		apologized to winfrey and told her that she was in excruciating back and hip pain at the time .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		winfrey 's interview with tom cruise ,		what was so special about the interview with tom cruise		what was so special about the interview with tom cruise on the oprah winfrey show ?
the oprah winfrey show		celebrities		how many celebrities did she have on her show		i do n't know .		was he the only celebrity on her show		taylor		did the celebrities do anything special for her show		winfrey sat down with michael jackson for what would become the most - watched interview in television history .		when was michael on her show		on february 10 , 1993 ,		when was taylor on her show		1992 ,		was there anything special about the show with taylor		apologized to winfrey and told her that she was in excruciating back and hip pain at the time .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		winfrey 's interview with tom cruise ,		what was so special about the interview with tom cruise		gained notoriety .		did tom do anything special while on the show		did tom cruise do anything special while on the oprah winfrey show ?
jack worrall		champion footballer and test match success		was worrall a football player ?		was worrall a football player ?
jack worrall		champion footballer and test match success		was worrall a football player ?		worrall 's football showed more consistency than his cricket .		what was his position ?		what was jack worrall 's position ?
jack worrall		champion footballer and test match success		was worrall a football player ?		worrall 's football showed more consistency than his cricket .		what was his position ?		worrall played as a rover .		what was good about him being a rover ?		what was good about jack worrall being a rover ?
jack worrall		champion footballer and test match success		was worrall a football player ?		worrall 's football showed more consistency than his cricket .		what was his position ?		worrall played as a rover .		what was good about him being a rover ?		he was skilled , fearless , could kick with either foot and was an excellent overhead mark for his size .		what teams did he play for ?		what teams did jack worrall play for ?
jack worrall		champion footballer and test match success		was worrall a football player ?		worrall 's football showed more consistency than his cricket .		what was his position ?		worrall played as a rover .		what was good about him being a rover ?		he was skilled , fearless , could kick with either foot and was an excellent overhead mark for his size .		what teams did he play for ?		regularly selected for the victorian team ,		did worrall play football and cricket ?		did worrall play football and cricket ?
jack worrall		champion footballer and test match success		was worrall a football player ?		worrall 's football showed more consistency than his cricket .		what was his position ?		worrall played as a rover .		what was good about him being a rover ?		he was skilled , fearless , could kick with either foot and was an excellent overhead mark for his size .		what teams did he play for ?		regularly selected for the victorian team ,		did worrall play football and cricket ?		sports . football was put on hold the following winter when he was chosen to tour england with the australian cricket team .		when did he become a champion footballer ?		when did jack worrall become a champion footballer ?
jack worrall		champion footballer and test match success		was worrall a football player ?		worrall 's football showed more consistency than his cricket .		what was his position ?		worrall played as a rover .		what was good about him being a rover ?		he was skilled , fearless , could kick with either foot and was an excellent overhead mark for his size .		what teams did he play for ?		regularly selected for the victorian team ,		did worrall play football and cricket ?		sports . football was put on hold the following winter when he was chosen to tour england with the australian cricket team .		when did he become a champion footballer ?		reputation . on his return to melbourne , he was named the argus player of the year in 1890 , and fitzroy 's key player during these years .		what team did he play for during that time period ?		what team did jack worrall play for while being was fitzroy 's key player ?
jack worrall		champion footballer and test match success		was worrall a football player ?		worrall 's football showed more consistency than his cricket .		what was his position ?		worrall played as a rover .		what was good about him being a rover ?		he was skilled , fearless , could kick with either foot and was an excellent overhead mark for his size .		what teams did he play for ?		regularly selected for the victorian team ,		did worrall play football and cricket ?		sports . football was put on hold the following winter when he was chosen to tour england with the australian cricket team .		when did he become a champion footballer ?		reputation . on his return to melbourne , he was named the argus player of the year in 1890 , and fitzroy 's key player during these years .		what team did he play for during that time period ?		he switched allegiance to the carlton cricket club and in 1896 scored an australian- record 417 not out for the blues in a match with university .		how did he score 417 for that team ?		how did jack worrall score 417 for the carlton cricket club ?
jack worrall		champion footballer and test match success		was worrall a football player ?		worrall 's football showed more consistency than his cricket .		what was his position ?		worrall played as a rover .		what was good about him being a rover ?		he was skilled , fearless , could kick with either foot and was an excellent overhead mark for his size .		what teams did he play for ?		regularly selected for the victorian team ,		did worrall play football and cricket ?		sports . football was put on hold the following winter when he was chosen to tour england with the australian cricket team .		when did he become a champion footballer ?		reputation . on his return to melbourne , he was named the argus player of the year in 1890 , and fitzroy 's key player during these years .		what team did he play for during that time period ?		he switched allegiance to the carlton cricket club and in 1896 scored an australian- record 417 not out for the blues in a match with university .		how did he score 417 for that team ?		he reorganised his style , becoming a more aggressive batsman who often opened but no longer bowled .		what did he do after joining the team ?		what did jack worrall do after joining the carlton cricket club ?
leo fender		bass guitars : precision , jazz		what his role with jazz ?		what leo fender 's role with jazz ?
leo fender		bass guitars : precision , jazz		what his role with jazz ?		1960 saw the release of the jazz bass ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the release of the jazz base , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
leo fender		bass guitars : precision , jazz		what his role with jazz ?		1960 saw the release of the jazz bass ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		like its predecessor , the jazz bass ( or simply " j - bass " ) was an instant hit and has remained popular to this day ,		did he have any other hits ?		did leo fender have any hits besides the jazz bass ?
leo fender		bass guitars : precision , jazz		what his role with jazz ?		1960 saw the release of the jazz bass ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		like its predecessor , the jazz bass ( or simply " j - bass " ) was an instant hit and has remained popular to this day ,		did he have any other hits ?		fender announced a redesign of the precision bass .		was it a success ?		was the precision bass a success ?
leo fender		bass guitars : precision , jazz		what his role with jazz ?		1960 saw the release of the jazz bass ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		like its predecessor , the jazz bass ( or simply " j - bass " ) was an instant hit and has remained popular to this day ,		did he have any other hits ?		fender announced a redesign of the precision bass .		was it a success ?		this proved to be the final version of the instrument ,		did he have any awards ?		did leo fender have any awards ?
leo fender		biography		is there a written biography ?		is there a written biography about leo fender ?
leo fender		biography		is there a written biography ?		i do n't know .		where was leo fender born ?		where was leo fender born ?
leo fender		biography		is there a written biography ?		i do n't know .		where was leo fender born ?		i do n't know .		does he have any siblings ?		does leo fender have any siblings ?
leo fender		biography		is there a written biography ?		i do n't know .		where was leo fender born ?		i do n't know .		does he have any siblings ?		i do n't know .		when was he born ?		when was leo fender born ?
leo fender		biography		is there a written biography ?		i do n't know .		where was leo fender born ?		i do n't know .		does he have any siblings ?		i do n't know .		when was he born ?		was born on august 10 , 1909 ,		what were his parents names ?		what were leo fender 's parents names ?
forrest gump		visual effects		what type of visual effects were used in this movie ?		what type of visual effects were used in the movie forrest gump ?
forrest gump		visual effects		what type of visual effects were used in this movie ?		using cgi techniques , it was possible to depict gump meeting deceased personages and shaking their hands .		what other techniques were used ?		besides cgi , what other techniques were used in the movie forrest gump ?
forrest gump		visual effects		what type of visual effects were used in this movie ?		using cgi techniques , it was possible to depict gump meeting deceased personages and shaking their hands .		what other techniques were used ?		to record the voices of the historical figures , voice actors were filmed and special effects were used to alter lip - syncing for the new dialogue .		who was in charge of the visual effects ?		who was in charge of the visual effects for the movie forrest gump ?
forrest gump		visual effects		what type of visual effects were used in this movie ?		using cgi techniques , it was possible to depict gump meeting deceased personages and shaking their hands .		what other techniques were used ?		to record the voices of the historical figures , voice actors were filmed and special effects were used to alter lip - syncing for the new dialogue .		who was in charge of the visual effects ?		ken ralston and his team at industrial light & magic were responsible for the film 's visual effects .		are there any notable scenes of the movie where you can see the use of the visual effects ?		are there any notable scenes in forrest gump where you can see the use of the visual effects ?
forrest gump		visual effects		what type of visual effects were used in this movie ?		using cgi techniques , it was possible to depict gump meeting deceased personages and shaking their hands .		what other techniques were used ?		to record the voices of the historical figures , voice actors were filmed and special effects were used to alter lip - syncing for the new dialogue .		who was in charge of the visual effects ?		ken ralston and his team at industrial light & magic were responsible for the film 's visual effects .		are there any notable scenes of the movie where you can see the use of the visual effects ?		in one vietnam war scene , gump carries bubba away from an incoming napalm attack . to create the effect , stunt actors were initially used for compositing purposes .		are their any other scenes ?		besides the vietnam war scene , are there any other scenes in forrest gump ?
forrest gump		visual effects		what type of visual effects were used in this movie ?		using cgi techniques , it was possible to depict gump meeting deceased personages and shaking their hands .		what other techniques were used ?		to record the voices of the historical figures , voice actors were filmed and special effects were used to alter lip - syncing for the new dialogue .		who was in charge of the visual effects ?		ken ralston and his team at industrial light & magic were responsible for the film 's visual effects .		are there any notable scenes of the movie where you can see the use of the visual effects ?		in one vietnam war scene , gump carries bubba away from an incoming napalm attack . to create the effect , stunt actors were initially used for compositing purposes .		are their any other scenes ?		the scene where forrest spots jenny at a peace rally at the lincoln memorial and reflecting pool in washington , d.c. , required visual effects to create the large crowd of people .		is there anything else interesting about the visual effects that were used ?		other than use of cgi is there anything else interesting about the visual effects that were used in the movie forrest gump ?
forrest gump		critical reception		what was the reception like ?		what was the reception like for the forrest gump film ?
forrest gump		critical reception		what was the reception like ?		the film received generally positive reviews .		did it have any negative reviews ?		did the forrest gump film have any negative reviews ?
forrest gump		critical reception		what was the reception like ?		the film received generally positive reviews .		did it have any negative reviews ?		the review aggregator website rotten tomatoes reported that 72 % of critics gave the film a positive review , with an average rating of 7.2/10 , based on a sample of 88 reviews .		what were some of the criticisms ?		what were some of the criticisms for the forrest gump film ?
forrest gump		critical reception		what was the reception like ?		the film received generally positive reviews .		did it have any negative reviews ?		the review aggregator website rotten tomatoes reported that 72 % of critics gave the film a positive review , with an average rating of 7.2/10 , based on a sample of 88 reviews .		what were some of the criticisms ?		anthony lane of the new yorker called the film " warm , wise , and wearisome as hell . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about the article besides criticisms from the new yorker ?
forrest gump		critical reception		what was the reception like ?		the film received generally positive reviews .		did it have any negative reviews ?		the review aggregator website rotten tomatoes reported that 72 % of critics gave the film a positive review , with an average rating of 7.2/10 , based on a sample of 88 reviews .		what were some of the criticisms ?		anthony lane of the new yorker called the film " warm , wise , and wearisome as hell . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		critics have compared gump with various characters and people including huckleberry finn , bill clinton , and ronald reagan .		did anyone famous have a criticism ?		did anyone famous have a criticism for the forrest gump film ?
forrest gump		critical reception		what was the reception like ?		the film received generally positive reviews .		did it have any negative reviews ?		the review aggregator website rotten tomatoes reported that 72 % of critics gave the film a positive review , with an average rating of 7.2/10 , based on a sample of 88 reviews .		what were some of the criticisms ?		anthony lane of the new yorker called the film " warm , wise , and wearisome as hell . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		critics have compared gump with various characters and people including huckleberry finn , bill clinton , and ronald reagan .		did anyone famous have a criticism ?		the new york times reviewer janet maslin called gump a " hollow man " who is " self - congratulatory in his blissful ignorance , warmly embraced as the embodiment of absolutely nothing . "		did any other famous magazine or newspapers print anything ?		did any other famous magazine or newspapers print anything other than the new york times ?
supergirl ( kara zor - el )		revival		how was she revived ?		how was supergirl revived ?
supergirl ( kara zor - el )		revival		how was she revived ?		executive editor dan didio had been looking for a way to simplify the supergirl character		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides supergirl 's revival , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
supergirl ( kara zor - el )		revival		how was she revived ?		executive editor dan didio had been looking for a way to simplify the supergirl character		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the modern version of kara zor - el made her debut in superman / batman # 8		when was this released ?		when was superman / batman # 8 released ?
supergirl ( kara zor - el )		revival		how was she revived ?		executive editor dan didio had been looking for a way to simplify the supergirl character		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the modern version of kara zor - el made her debut in superman / batman # 8		when was this released ?		( 2004 ) .		what was next in the story line ?		what was next in the story line after kara zor - el 's debut ?
supergirl ( kara zor - el )		revival		how was she revived ?		executive editor dan didio had been looking for a way to simplify the supergirl character		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the modern version of kara zor - el made her debut in superman / batman # 8		when was this released ?		( 2004 ) .		what was next in the story line ?		the supergirl comic book series would later be relaunched , now starring kara zor - el as " the girl of steel " .		was she related to super man ?		was kara zor - el related to super man ?
supergirl ( kara zor - el )		revival		how was she revived ?		executive editor dan didio had been looking for a way to simplify the supergirl character		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the modern version of kara zor - el made her debut in superman / batman # 8		when was this released ?		( 2004 ) .		what was next in the story line ?		the supergirl comic book series would later be relaunched , now starring kara zor - el as " the girl of steel " .		was she related to super man ?		was superman 's cousin .		how did she come to earth ?		how did kara zor - el come to earth ?
supergirl ( kara zor - el )		two supergirls meet		what was two super girl 's meet ?		what was two supergirls meet ?
supergirl ( kara zor - el )		two supergirls meet		what was two super girl 's meet ?		prior to the post - crisis introduction of kara zor - el into mainstream continuity , the pre - crisis kara zor - el made		what was kara role in super girls meet ?		what was kara role in super girls meet ?
supergirl ( kara zor - el )		two supergirls meet		what was two super girl 's meet ?		prior to the post - crisis introduction of kara zor - el into mainstream continuity , the pre - crisis kara zor - el made		what was kara role in super girls meet ?		supergirl :		what was the story - line of the show ?		what was the story - line of two supergirls meet ?
supergirl ( kara zor - el )		two supergirls meet		what was two super girl 's meet ?		prior to the post - crisis introduction of kara zor - el into mainstream continuity , the pre - crisis kara zor - el made		what was kara role in super girls meet ?		supergirl :		what was the story - line of the show ?		the paradox becomes a moral crisis for linda who tries to take her place as the crisis sacrifice , living for years in a silver age universe where " no one swears ,		when did the series come out ?		when did two supergirls meet come out ?
supergirl ( kara zor - el )		two supergirls meet		what was two super girl 's meet ?		prior to the post - crisis introduction of kara zor - el into mainstream continuity , the pre - crisis kara zor - el made		what was kara role in super girls meet ?		supergirl :		what was the story - line of the show ?		the paradox becomes a moral crisis for linda who tries to take her place as the crisis sacrifice , living for years in a silver age universe where " no one swears ,		when did the series come out ?		2001 ,		what other things happened during this series with super - girls ?		aside from linda 's moral crises story - line , what other things happened during two supergirls meet with the super - girls ?
supergirl ( kara zor - el )		two supergirls meet		what was two super girl 's meet ?		prior to the post - crisis introduction of kara zor - el into mainstream continuity , the pre - crisis kara zor - el made		what was kara role in super girls meet ?		supergirl :		what was the story - line of the show ?		the paradox becomes a moral crisis for linda who tries to take her place as the crisis sacrifice , living for years in a silver age universe where " no one swears ,		when did the series come out ?		2001 ,		what other things happened during this series with super - girls ?		linda 's inability to ultimately save kara is so devastating that it ends her own career as supergirl .		why did it end her career ?		why did inability to save kara end linda 's career in two supergirls meet ?
supergirl ( kara zor - el )		two supergirls meet		what was two super girl 's meet ?		prior to the post - crisis introduction of kara zor - el into mainstream continuity , the pre - crisis kara zor - el made		what was kara role in super girls meet ?		supergirl :		what was the story - line of the show ?		the paradox becomes a moral crisis for linda who tries to take her place as the crisis sacrifice , living for years in a silver age universe where " no one swears ,		when did the series come out ?		2001 ,		what other things happened during this series with super - girls ?		linda 's inability to ultimately save kara is so devastating that it ends her own career as supergirl .		why did it end her career ?		this story arc is usually cited as one of the best supergirl stories ever written . the series ended with issue 80 .		what other interesting things happened for kara ?		other than kara 's supposed demise , what other interesting things happened for kara in two supergirls meet ?
the kentucky headhunters		1991 - 1992 : second album and departure of the phelps brothers		what was the name of the second album		what was the name of the second album released by the kentucky headhunters in 1991 - 1992 ?
the kentucky headhunters		1991 - 1992 : second album and departure of the phelps brothers		what was the name of the second album		in 1991 , the band released their second album , electric barnyard .		what happen with the album		what happened with electric barnyard by the kentucky headhunters ?
the kentucky headhunters		1991 - 1992 : second album and departure of the phelps brothers		what was the name of the second album		in 1991 , the band released their second album , electric barnyard .		what happen with the album		the album earned a gold certification from the riaa and a second cma award for vocal group of the year , its		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides awards electric barnyard received , are there any other interesting aspects about the album ?
the kentucky headhunters		1991 - 1992 : second album and departure of the phelps brothers		what was the name of the second album		in 1991 , the band released their second album , electric barnyard .		what happen with the album		the album earned a gold certification from the riaa and a second cma award for vocal group of the year , its		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the album 's first single was a cover of " the ballad of davy crockett , " which was released on the 155th anniversary of davy crockett 's death ;		what went on with their departure		did any members leave the kentucky headhunters in 1992 ?
the kentucky headhunters		1991 - 1992 : second album and departure of the phelps brothers		what was the name of the second album		in 1991 , the band released their second album , electric barnyard .		what happen with the album		the album earned a gold certification from the riaa and a second cma award for vocal group of the year , its		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the album 's first single was a cover of " the ballad of davy crockett , " which was released on the 155th anniversary of davy crockett 's death ;		what went on with their departure		ricky lee and doug departed in june 1992 due to creative differences .		what happen afterwards		after ricky lee left the kentucky headhunters what happened ?
the kentucky headhunters		1991 - 1992 : second album and departure of the phelps brothers		what was the name of the second album		in 1991 , the band released their second album , electric barnyard .		what happen with the album		the album earned a gold certification from the riaa and a second cma award for vocal group of the year , its		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the album 's first single was a cover of " the ballad of davy crockett , " which was released on the 155th anniversary of davy crockett 's death ;		what went on with their departure		ricky lee and doug departed in june 1992 due to creative differences .		what happen afterwards		according to richard , ricky lee 's tenure as lead vocalist was " a bad time " for the band given his opposition to richard 's opinions ,		did they go solo		what did ricky lee do after leaving the kentucky headhunters ?
the kentucky headhunters		1991 - 1992 : second album and departure of the phelps brothers		what was the name of the second album		in 1991 , the band released their second album , electric barnyard .		what happen with the album		the album earned a gold certification from the riaa and a second cma award for vocal group of the year , its		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the album 's first single was a cover of " the ballad of davy crockett , " which was released on the 155th anniversary of davy crockett 's death ;		what went on with their departure		ricky lee and doug departed in june 1992 due to creative differences .		what happen afterwards		according to richard , ricky lee 's tenure as lead vocalist was " a bad time " for the band given his opposition to richard 's opinions ,		did they go solo		he and doug then founded brother phelps , which had a more mainstream country sound than the kentucky headhunters did .		what happen in 1992		what did the kentucky headhunters do in 1992 ?
the kentucky headhunters		1991 - 1992 : second album and departure of the phelps brothers		what was the name of the second album		in 1991 , the band released their second album , electric barnyard .		what happen with the album		the album earned a gold certification from the riaa and a second cma award for vocal group of the year , its		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the album 's first single was a cover of " the ballad of davy crockett , " which was released on the 155th anniversary of davy crockett 's death ;		what went on with their departure		ricky lee and doug departed in june 1992 due to creative differences .		what happen afterwards		according to richard , ricky lee 's tenure as lead vocalist was " a bad time " for the band given his opposition to richard 's opinions ,		did they go solo		he and doug then founded brother phelps , which had a more mainstream country sound than the kentucky headhunters did .		what happen in 1992		album sideways and filled in for southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd guitarist ed king on that band 's 1992 tour ,		what tour was that		which tour did the kentucky headhunters fill in for ?
rush limbaugh		the rush limbaugh show		was the show on radio or television ?		was the rush limbaugh show on radio or television ?
rush limbaugh		the rush limbaugh show		was the show on radio or television ?		limbaugh 's radio show airs for three hours each weekday beginning at noon eastern standard time		when did the show first start airing ?		when did the rush limbaugh show first start airing ?
rush limbaugh		the rush limbaugh show		was the show on radio or television ?		limbaugh 's radio show airs for three hours each weekday beginning at noon eastern standard time		when did the show first start airing ?		1970s		what kind of topics did the show cover ?		what kind of topics did the rush limbaugh show cover ?
rush limbaugh		the rush limbaugh show		was the show on radio or television ?		limbaugh 's radio show airs for three hours each weekday beginning at noon eastern standard time		when did the show first start airing ?		1970s		what kind of topics did the show cover ?		limbaugh 's popularity paved the way for other conservative talk radio programming to become commonplace on am radio .		did he have any notable guests ?		did rush limbaugh have any notable guests on his show ?
rush limbaugh		the rush limbaugh show		was the show on radio or television ?		limbaugh 's radio show airs for three hours each weekday beginning at noon eastern standard time		when did the show first start airing ?		1970s		what kind of topics did the show cover ?		limbaugh 's popularity paved the way for other conservative talk radio programming to become commonplace on am radio .		did he have any notable guests ?		i do n't know .		did the show win any awards ?		did the rush limbaugh show win any awards ?
rush limbaugh		the rush limbaugh show		was the show on radio or television ?		limbaugh 's radio show airs for three hours each weekday beginning at noon eastern standard time		when did the show first start airing ?		1970s		what kind of topics did the show cover ?		limbaugh 's popularity paved the way for other conservative talk radio programming to become commonplace on am radio .		did he have any notable guests ?		i do n't know .		did the show win any awards ?		in 2007 , talkers magazine again named him no . 1 in its " heavy hundred " most important talk show hosts .		is the show still on the air ?		is the rush limbaugh show still on the air ?
iskander mirza		dismissal and end of presidency		what happened regarding the dismissal and end of presidency ?		what happened regarding the dismissal and end of presidency ?
iskander mirza		dismissal and end of presidency		what happened regarding the dismissal and end of presidency ?		civil - military relations continued to be a dominant factor between president mirza and general ayub khan .		was there any controversy involving president mirza and general ayub khan ?		was there any controversy involving president mirza and general ayub khan ?
iskander mirza		dismissal and end of presidency		what happened regarding the dismissal and end of presidency ?		civil - military relations continued to be a dominant factor between president mirza and general ayub khan .		was there any controversy involving president mirza and general ayub khan ?		the two men had very different point of view on running the government with the new situation , even though they were responsible for bringing about the change .		did they often bump heads due to having different points of views ?		did president mirza and general ayub khan often bump heads due to having different points of views ?
iskander mirza		dismissal and end of presidency		what happened regarding the dismissal and end of presidency ?		civil - military relations continued to be a dominant factor between president mirza and general ayub khan .		was there any controversy involving president mirza and general ayub khan ?		the two men had very different point of view on running the government with the new situation , even though they were responsible for bringing about the change .		did they often bump heads due to having different points of views ?		such actions could not implemented due to general ayub khan 's strong protest and briefly lodged a complain to president mirza about his " high hand " method .		what changes did they make or were suppose to make ?		what changes did president mirza and general ayub khan make or were suppose to make ?
iskander mirza		dismissal and end of presidency		what happened regarding the dismissal and end of presidency ?		civil - military relations continued to be a dominant factor between president mirza and general ayub khan .		was there any controversy involving president mirza and general ayub khan ?		the two men had very different point of view on running the government with the new situation , even though they were responsible for bringing about the change .		did they often bump heads due to having different points of views ?		such actions could not implemented due to general ayub khan 's strong protest and briefly lodged a complain to president mirza about his " high hand " method .		what changes did they make or were suppose to make ?		enforcing the martial law ,		were they successful at doing that ?		were president mirza and general ayub khan successful at enforcing the martial law , ?
iskander mirza		dismissal and end of presidency		what happened regarding the dismissal and end of presidency ?		civil - military relations continued to be a dominant factor between president mirza and general ayub khan .		was there any controversy involving president mirza and general ayub khan ?		the two men had very different point of view on running the government with the new situation , even though they were responsible for bringing about the change .		did they often bump heads due to having different points of views ?		such actions could not implemented due to general ayub khan 's strong protest and briefly lodged a complain to president mirza about his " high hand " method .		what changes did they make or were suppose to make ?		enforcing the martial law ,		were they successful at doing that ?		did not mean to do it " while offering assurances that the martial law would be for the shortest possible duration .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		along with president mirza and general ayub khan 's government are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
iskander mirza		dismissal and end of presidency		what happened regarding the dismissal and end of presidency ?		civil - military relations continued to be a dominant factor between president mirza and general ayub khan .		was there any controversy involving president mirza and general ayub khan ?		the two men had very different point of view on running the government with the new situation , even though they were responsible for bringing about the change .		did they often bump heads due to having different points of views ?		such actions could not implemented due to general ayub khan 's strong protest and briefly lodged a complain to president mirza about his " high hand " method .		what changes did they make or were suppose to make ?		enforcing the martial law ,		were they successful at doing that ?		did not mean to do it " while offering assurances that the martial law would be for the shortest possible duration .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the new administration did not satisfy cmla ayub khan who had more control in the administration than president mirza .		what did they end up doing with the new administration ?		what did president mirza and general ayub khan end up doing with the new administration ?
iskander mirza		dismissal and end of presidency		what happened regarding the dismissal and end of presidency ?		civil - military relations continued to be a dominant factor between president mirza and general ayub khan .		was there any controversy involving president mirza and general ayub khan ?		the two men had very different point of view on running the government with the new situation , even though they were responsible for bringing about the change .		did they often bump heads due to having different points of views ?		such actions could not implemented due to general ayub khan 's strong protest and briefly lodged a complain to president mirza about his " high hand " method .		what changes did they make or were suppose to make ?		enforcing the martial law ,		were they successful at doing that ?		did not mean to do it " while offering assurances that the martial law would be for the shortest possible duration .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the new administration did not satisfy cmla ayub khan who had more control in the administration than president mirza .		what did they end up doing with the new administration ?		ayub dispatched the military unit to enter in presidential palace on the midnight of 26 - 27 october 1958 and placed him in an airplane to exile in england .		can you tell me what important happened after that ?		can you tell me what important happened after ayub dispatched the military unit to enter in presidential palace ?
laurel and hardy		catchphrases		what is one of their catch phrases		what is one of laurel and hardy catch phrases
laurel and hardy		catchphrases		what is one of their catch phrases		the catchphrase most used by laurel and hardy on film is : " well , here 's another nice mess you 've gotten me into ! "		what other catch phrases did they have		in addition to " well , here 's another nice mess you 've gotten me into ! " , what other catch phrases did laurel and hardy have
laurel and hardy		catchphrases		what is one of their catch phrases		the catchphrase most used by laurel and hardy on film is : " well , here 's another nice mess you 've gotten me into ! "		what other catch phrases did they have		" well , here 's another nice kettle of fish you pickled me in ! "		any more		is there any more of laurel and hardy catch phrase ?
laurel and hardy		catchphrases		what is one of their catch phrases		the catchphrase most used by laurel and hardy on film is : " well , here 's another nice mess you 've gotten me into ! "		what other catch phrases did they have		" well , here 's another nice kettle of fish you pickled me in ! "		any more		" well , here 's another nice bucket of suds you 've gotten me into ! "		did theese change as years went by ?		did the catch phrases change as years went by ?
laurel and hardy		catchphrases		what is one of their catch phrases		the catchphrase most used by laurel and hardy on film is : " well , here 's another nice mess you 've gotten me into ! "		what other catch phrases did they have		" well , here 's another nice kettle of fish you pickled me in ! "		any more		" well , here 's another nice bucket of suds you 've gotten me into ! "		did theese change as years went by ?		" why do n't you do something to help me ? "		did they have anymore		did laurel and hardy have anymore
atomic kitten		2003 - 2004 : ladies night , hamilton 's departure and split		was atomic kitten a musical band ?		was atomic kitten a musical band ?
atomic kitten		2003 - 2004 : ladies night , hamilton 's departure and split		was atomic kitten a musical band ?		in april 2003 , the album atomic kitten was released in the united states , which consisted of tracks from their first two albums .		how many members were in the band ?		how many members were in atomic kitten ?
atomic kitten		2003 - 2004 : ladies night , hamilton 's departure and split		was atomic kitten a musical band ?		in april 2003 , the album atomic kitten was released in the united states , which consisted of tracks from their first two albums .		how many members were in the band ?		i do n't know .		why did hamilton leave the group ?		why did hamilton leave the atomic kitten ?
atomic kitten		2003 - 2004 : ladies night , hamilton 's departure and split		was atomic kitten a musical band ?		in april 2003 , the album atomic kitten was released in the united states , which consisted of tracks from their first two albums .		how many members were in the band ?		i do n't know .		why did hamilton leave the group ?		the big reunion that hamilton had quit the group under the pressure of being a new mom and touring ,		is ladies night the name of a song or an album that they did ?		is ladies night the name of a song or an album that atomic kitten did ?
atomic kitten		2003 - 2004 : ladies night , hamilton 's departure and split		was atomic kitten a musical band ?		in april 2003 , the album atomic kitten was released in the united states , which consisted of tracks from their first two albums .		how many members were in the band ?		i do n't know .		why did hamilton leave the group ?		the big reunion that hamilton had quit the group under the pressure of being a new mom and touring ,		is ladies night the name of a song or an album that they did ?		in early 2004 , a tour to support the ladies night album		where did they tour ?		where did atomic kitten tour ?
atomic kitten		2003 - 2004 : ladies night , hamilton 's departure and split		was atomic kitten a musical band ?		in april 2003 , the album atomic kitten was released in the united states , which consisted of tracks from their first two albums .		how many members were in the band ?		i do n't know .		why did hamilton leave the group ?		the big reunion that hamilton had quit the group under the pressure of being a new mom and touring ,		is ladies night the name of a song or an album that they did ?		in early 2004 , a tour to support the ladies night album		where did they tour ?		i do n't know .		did they get back together after the break		did the kittens get back together after the break .
atomic kitten		2003 - 2004 : ladies night , hamilton 's departure and split		was atomic kitten a musical band ?		in april 2003 , the album atomic kitten was released in the united states , which consisted of tracks from their first two albums .		how many members were in the band ?		i do n't know .		why did hamilton leave the group ?		the big reunion that hamilton had quit the group under the pressure of being a new mom and touring ,		is ladies night the name of a song or an album that they did ?		in early 2004 , a tour to support the ladies night album		where did they tour ?		i do n't know .		did they get back together after the break		which later led to the band splitting because they did n't want to replace hamilton .		is the band still broken up ?		is atomic kitten band still broken up ?
ameesha patel		struggle phase , 2003 - 2006		what happened at her struggle phase ?		what happened during ameesha patel 's struggle phase ?
ameesha patel		struggle phase , 2003 - 2006		what happened at her struggle phase ?		during 2003 to 2006 , patel 's acting career entered a slump .		what caused he career to enter a slump ?		what caused ameesha patel 's career to enter a slump ?
ameesha patel		struggle phase , 2003 - 2006		what happened at her struggle phase ?		during 2003 to 2006 , patel 's acting career entered a slump .		what caused he career to enter a slump ?		after the relative success of humraaz , her string of unsuccessful films followed , and would continue until 2006 .		what were the unsuccessful films that were released at this time ?		what were ameesha patel 's unsuccessful films released at the time of her struggle phase ?
ameesha patel		struggle phase , 2003 - 2006		what happened at her struggle phase ?		during 2003 to 2006 , patel 's acting career entered a slump .		what caused he career to enter a slump ?		after the relative success of humraaz , her string of unsuccessful films followed , and would continue until 2006 .		what were the unsuccessful films that were released at this time ?		in 2003 , her only releases were tamil language film pudhiya geethai and the hindi film deepak bahry 's parwana .		when did her struggle phase start ?		when did ameesha patel 's struggle phase start ?
ameesha patel		struggle phase , 2003 - 2006		what happened at her struggle phase ?		during 2003 to 2006 , patel 's acting career entered a slump .		what caused he career to enter a slump ?		after the relative success of humraaz , her string of unsuccessful films followed , and would continue until 2006 .		what were the unsuccessful films that were released at this time ?		in 2003 , her only releases were tamil language film pudhiya geethai and the hindi film deepak bahry 's parwana .		when did her struggle phase start ?		in 2003 ,		when did her struggle phase end ?		when did ameesha patel 's struggle phase end ?
ameesha patel		struggle phase , 2003 - 2006		what happened at her struggle phase ?		during 2003 to 2006 , patel 's acting career entered a slump .		what caused he career to enter a slump ?		after the relative success of humraaz , her string of unsuccessful films followed , and would continue until 2006 .		what were the unsuccessful films that were released at this time ?		in 2003 , her only releases were tamil language film pudhiya geethai and the hindi film deepak bahry 's parwana .		when did her struggle phase start ?		in 2003 ,		when did her struggle phase end ?		patel 's fifth release in 2006 , ankahee , earned her critical praise despite its failure at the box office .		which other names is worth mentioning in her struggle phase ?		which other names besides pudhiya geethai and parwana are worth mentioning in her struggle phase ?
ameesha patel		struggle phase , 2003 - 2006		what happened at her struggle phase ?		during 2003 to 2006 , patel 's acting career entered a slump .		what caused he career to enter a slump ?		after the relative success of humraaz , her string of unsuccessful films followed , and would continue until 2006 .		what were the unsuccessful films that were released at this time ?		in 2003 , her only releases were tamil language film pudhiya geethai and the hindi film deepak bahry 's parwana .		when did her struggle phase start ?		in 2003 ,		when did her struggle phase end ?		patel 's fifth release in 2006 , ankahee , earned her critical praise despite its failure at the box office .		which other names is worth mentioning in her struggle phase ?		in 2005 , she starred in satish kaushik 's thriller vaada ,		what was the role she played in the movie ?		what was the role ameesha patel played in the movie vaada ?
ameesha patel		struggle phase , 2003 - 2006		what happened at her struggle phase ?		during 2003 to 2006 , patel 's acting career entered a slump .		what caused he career to enter a slump ?		after the relative success of humraaz , her string of unsuccessful films followed , and would continue until 2006 .		what were the unsuccessful films that were released at this time ?		in 2003 , her only releases were tamil language film pudhiya geethai and the hindi film deepak bahry 's parwana .		when did her struggle phase start ?		in 2003 ,		when did her struggle phase end ?		patel 's fifth release in 2006 , ankahee , earned her critical praise despite its failure at the box office .		which other names is worth mentioning in her struggle phase ?		in 2005 , she starred in satish kaushik 's thriller vaada ,		what was the role she played in the movie ?		the role of arjun rampal 's unfaithful wife who is followed by her obsessive ex - lover .		was the movie a success ?		was the movie vaada a success ?
ameesha patel		struggle phase , 2003 - 2006		what happened at her struggle phase ?		during 2003 to 2006 , patel 's acting career entered a slump .		what caused he career to enter a slump ?		after the relative success of humraaz , her string of unsuccessful films followed , and would continue until 2006 .		what were the unsuccessful films that were released at this time ?		in 2003 , her only releases were tamil language film pudhiya geethai and the hindi film deepak bahry 's parwana .		when did her struggle phase start ?		in 2003 ,		when did her struggle phase end ?		patel 's fifth release in 2006 , ankahee , earned her critical praise despite its failure at the box office .		which other names is worth mentioning in her struggle phase ?		in 2005 , she starred in satish kaushik 's thriller vaada ,		what was the role she played in the movie ?		the role of arjun rampal 's unfaithful wife who is followed by her obsessive ex - lover .		was the movie a success ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article regarding ameesha patel 's career slump besides her starring role in the 2005 thriller vaada ?
porfirio daz		the campaigns of " no - reelection "		what is the campaigns of no - reelection ?		what is the diaz 's campaigns of no - reelection ?
porfirio daz		the campaigns of " no - reelection "		what is the campaigns of no - reelection ?		he challenged the civilian president benito juarez , who was running for what diaz considered an illegal subsequent term as president .		what happened after he challanged him ?		what happened after diaz challanged juarez ?
porfirio daz		the campaigns of " no - reelection "		what is the campaigns of no - reelection ?		he challenged the civilian president benito juarez , who was running for what diaz considered an illegal subsequent term as president .		what happened after he challanged him ?		diaz launched the plan de la noria on 8 november 1871 , supported by a number of rebellions across the nation ,		what was the plan de la noria ?		what was the plan de la noria ?
porfirio daz		the campaigns of " no - reelection "		what is the campaigns of no - reelection ?		he challenged the civilian president benito juarez , who was running for what diaz considered an illegal subsequent term as president .		what happened after he challanged him ?		diaz launched the plan de la noria on 8 november 1871 , supported by a number of rebellions across the nation ,		what was the plan de la noria ?		the principle of no - reelection		what happened after he launched it ?		what happened after diaz launched plan de la noria ?
porfirio daz		the campaigns of " no - reelection "		what is the campaigns of no - reelection ?		he challenged the civilian president benito juarez , who was running for what diaz considered an illegal subsequent term as president .		what happened after he challanged him ?		diaz launched the plan de la noria on 8 november 1871 , supported by a number of rebellions across the nation ,		what was the plan de la noria ?		the principle of no - reelection		what happened after he launched it ?		but this rebellion failed .		how did he come back from that ?		how did diaz come back from the failed rebellion ?
porfirio daz		the campaigns of " no - reelection "		what is the campaigns of no - reelection ?		he challenged the civilian president benito juarez , who was running for what diaz considered an illegal subsequent term as president .		what happened after he challanged him ?		diaz launched the plan de la noria on 8 november 1871 , supported by a number of rebellions across the nation ,		what was the plan de la noria ?		the principle of no - reelection		what happened after he launched it ?		but this rebellion failed .		how did he come back from that ?		following the death of juarez of natural causes in 1872 , lerdo became president . lerdo offered amnesty to rebels , which diaz accepted		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from diaz 's plan de la noria , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
porfirio daz		the campaigns of " no - reelection "		what is the campaigns of no - reelection ?		he challenged the civilian president benito juarez , who was running for what diaz considered an illegal subsequent term as president .		what happened after he challanged him ?		diaz launched the plan de la noria on 8 november 1871 , supported by a number of rebellions across the nation ,		what was the plan de la noria ?		the principle of no - reelection		what happened after he launched it ?		but this rebellion failed .		how did he come back from that ?		following the death of juarez of natural causes in 1872 , lerdo became president . lerdo offered amnesty to rebels , which diaz accepted		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		when lerdo declared he was running for re - election in 1876 , diaz once again had the pretext of the principle of no - reelection to support his opposition .		how did that help him ?		how did the principle of no re - election help diaz in 1876 ?
porfirio daz		the campaigns of " no - reelection "		what is the campaigns of no - reelection ?		he challenged the civilian president benito juarez , who was running for what diaz considered an illegal subsequent term as president .		what happened after he challanged him ?		diaz launched the plan de la noria on 8 november 1871 , supported by a number of rebellions across the nation ,		what was the plan de la noria ?		the principle of no - reelection		what happened after he launched it ?		but this rebellion failed .		how did he come back from that ?		following the death of juarez of natural causes in 1872 , lerdo became president . lerdo offered amnesty to rebels , which diaz accepted		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		when lerdo declared he was running for re - election in 1876 , diaz once again had the pretext of the principle of no - reelection to support his opposition .		how did that help him ?		when lerdo was re - elected in july 1876 , rebellion and unrest both before and after the election forced lerdo from office . in november 1876 , diaz occupied mexico city ,		what happened after that ?		what happened after diaz occupied mexico city ?
porfirio daz		the campaigns of " no - reelection "		what is the campaigns of no - reelection ?		he challenged the civilian president benito juarez , who was running for what diaz considered an illegal subsequent term as president .		what happened after he challanged him ?		diaz launched the plan de la noria on 8 november 1871 , supported by a number of rebellions across the nation ,		what was the plan de la noria ?		the principle of no - reelection		what happened after he launched it ?		but this rebellion failed .		how did he come back from that ?		following the death of juarez of natural causes in 1872 , lerdo became president . lerdo offered amnesty to rebels , which diaz accepted		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		when lerdo declared he was running for re - election in 1876 , diaz once again had the pretext of the principle of no - reelection to support his opposition .		how did that help him ?		when lerdo was re - elected in july 1876 , rebellion and unrest both before and after the election forced lerdo from office . in november 1876 , diaz occupied mexico city ,		what happened after that ?		lerdo left mexico for exile in new york . diaz did not take formal control of the presidency until the beginning of 1877 ,		when did lerdo leave for exile in new york ?		when did lerdo leave for exile in new york ?
betsy devos		dick and betsy devos family foundation		when was the foundation created ?		when was the dick and betsy devos family foundation created ?
betsy devos		dick and betsy devos family foundation		when was the foundation created ?		the dick & betsy devos family foundation was launched in 1989 .		what was the foundation 's goal or purpose ?		what was the dick and betsy devos family foundation 's goal or purpose ?
betsy devos		dick and betsy devos family foundation		when was the foundation created ?		the dick & betsy devos family foundation was launched in 1989 .		what was the foundation 's goal or purpose ?		" is centered in cultivating leadership , accelerating transformation and leveraging support in five areas " , namely education , community , arts , justice , and leadership .		how much money did the foundation make ?		how much money did the dick and betsy devos family foundation make ?
betsy devos		dick and betsy devos family foundation		when was the foundation created ?		the dick & betsy devos family foundation was launched in 1989 .		what was the foundation 's goal or purpose ?		" is centered in cultivating leadership , accelerating transformation and leveraging support in five areas " , namely education , community , arts , justice , and leadership .		how much money did the foundation make ?		in 2015 , the devos foundation made $ 11.6 million in charitable contributions , bringing the couple 's lifetime charitable giving to $ 139 million .		did the foundation win any awards or recognition ?		did the dick and betsy devos family foundation win any awards or recognition ?
betsy devos		dick and betsy devos family foundation		when was the foundation created ?		the dick & betsy devos family foundation was launched in 1989 .		what was the foundation 's goal or purpose ?		" is centered in cultivating leadership , accelerating transformation and leveraging support in five areas " , namely education , community , arts , justice , and leadership .		how much money did the foundation make ?		in 2015 , the devos foundation made $ 11.6 million in charitable contributions , bringing the couple 's lifetime charitable giving to $ 139 million .		did the foundation win any awards or recognition ?		forbes ranked the devos family no . 24 on its 2015 list of america 's top givers .		what types of groups did the foundation donate to and support ?		what types of groups did the dick and betsy devos family foundation donate to and support ?
betsy devos		dick and betsy devos family foundation		when was the foundation created ?		the dick & betsy devos family foundation was launched in 1989 .		what was the foundation 's goal or purpose ?		" is centered in cultivating leadership , accelerating transformation and leveraging support in five areas " , namely education , community , arts , justice , and leadership .		how much money did the foundation make ?		in 2015 , the devos foundation made $ 11.6 million in charitable contributions , bringing the couple 's lifetime charitable giving to $ 139 million .		did the foundation win any awards or recognition ?		forbes ranked the devos family no . 24 on its 2015 list of america 's top givers .		what types of groups did the foundation donate to and support ?		the devos foundation has donated large amounts to hospitals , health research , arts organizations , christian schools , evangelical missions , and conservative , free - market think tanks .		what were the biggest donations that the foundation made ?		what were the biggest donations that the dick and betsy devos family foundation made ?
betsy devos		school vouchers		what are the school vouchers ?		what are the school vouchers ?
betsy devos		school vouchers		what are the school vouchers ?		would allow students to attend private schools with public funding .		how do people get them ?		how do people get the school vouchers ?
betsy devos		school vouchers		what are the school vouchers ?		would allow students to attend private schools with public funding .		how do people get them ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article besides the school vouchers ?
betsy devos		school vouchers		what are the school vouchers ?		would allow students to attend private schools with public funding .		how do people get them ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		devos served as chairwoman of the board of alliance for school choice .		did she serve any other areas ?		did betsy devos serve any other areas besides alliance for school choice ?
betsy devos		school vouchers		what are the school vouchers ?		would allow students to attend private schools with public funding .		how do people get them ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		devos served as chairwoman of the board of alliance for school choice .		did she serve any other areas ?		during the 1990s , she served on the boards of children first america and the american education reform council ,		did she implement any programs while there ?		did betsy devos implement any programs while in children first america and the american education reform council ?
betsy devos		school vouchers		what are the school vouchers ?		would allow students to attend private schools with public funding .		how do people get them ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		devos served as chairwoman of the board of alliance for school choice .		did she serve any other areas ?		during the 1990s , she served on the boards of children first america and the american education reform council ,		did she implement any programs while there ?		which sought to expand school choice through vouchers and tax credits .		did she succesfully implement anything else ?		did betsy devos succesfully implement anything else besides vouchers and tax credits ?
betsy devos		school vouchers		what are the school vouchers ?		would allow students to attend private schools with public funding .		how do people get them ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		devos served as chairwoman of the board of alliance for school choice .		did she serve any other areas ?		during the 1990s , she served on the boards of children first america and the american education reform council ,		did she implement any programs while there ?		which sought to expand school choice through vouchers and tax credits .		did she succesfully implement anything else ?		she and her husband founded in 2003 to promote school vouchers , tax credits to businesses that give private school scholarships , and candidates who support these causes .		how does it work for students with the vouchers ?		how does school choice work for students with the vouchers ?
mashantucket pequot tribe		20th century to present		what happened to the tribe in the early 20th century ?		what happened to the pequot tribe in the early 20th century ?
mashantucket pequot tribe		20th century to present		what happened to the tribe in the early 20th century ?		the last pequot living on the reservation , the federal government started planning to take back the land .		who was the last pequot on the reservation ?		who was the last pequot on the reservation ?
mashantucket pequot tribe		20th century to present		what happened to the tribe in the early 20th century ?		the last pequot living on the reservation , the federal government started planning to take back the land .		who was the last pequot on the reservation ?		elizabeth george		was the government successful in taking back the land ?		was the american government successful in taking back the land from pequot tribe ?
mashantucket pequot tribe		20th century to present		what happened to the tribe in the early 20th century ?		the last pequot living on the reservation , the federal government started planning to take back the land .		who was the last pequot on the reservation ?		elizabeth george		was the government successful in taking back the land ?		the tribe achieved political success by persuading congressmen and appropriate committees in making the case for recognition and land claims .		what happened after they won claim to their land ?		what happened after pequot tribe won claim to their land ?
mashantucket pequot tribe		20th century to present		what happened to the tribe in the early 20th century ?		the last pequot living on the reservation , the federal government started planning to take back the land .		who was the last pequot on the reservation ?		elizabeth george		was the government successful in taking back the land ?		the tribe achieved political success by persuading congressmen and appropriate committees in making the case for recognition and land claims .		what happened after they won claim to their land ?		in this period , some tribes based in new york filed land claim suits against its state government , winning in court .		what happened in the 21st century ?		what happened in the 21st in the lands of pequot ?
mashantucket pequot tribe		20th century to present		what happened to the tribe in the early 20th century ?		the last pequot living on the reservation , the federal government started planning to take back the land .		who was the last pequot on the reservation ?		elizabeth george		was the government successful in taking back the land ?		the tribe achieved political success by persuading congressmen and appropriate committees in making the case for recognition and land claims .		what happened after they won claim to their land ?		in this period , some tribes based in new york filed land claim suits against its state government , winning in court .		what happened in the 21st century ?		the mashantucket pequot have since added to their reservation by purchase and placed the additional lands into trust with the bureau of indian affairs ( bia ) on behalf of the tribe .		have they done anything in particular with the additional land ?		has pequot tribe done anything in particular with the additional land they purchased on 21st century ?
mashantucket pequot tribe		early history		how long have the tribe been part of the world ?		how long has the mashantucket pequot tribe been part of the world ?
mashantucket pequot tribe		early history		how long have the tribe been part of the world ?		pequot people and their ancestors had been in this region for thousands of years		what have they done in the early ages ?		what has the mashantucket pequot tribe done in the early ages ?
mashantucket pequot tribe		early history		how long have the tribe been part of the world ?		pequot people and their ancestors had been in this region for thousands of years		what have they done in the early ages ?		the pequot had established dominance of the political , military , and economic spheres among native americans		did they have any competition ?		did mashantucket pequot tribe have any competition ?
mashantucket pequot tribe		early history		how long have the tribe been part of the world ?		pequot people and their ancestors had been in this region for thousands of years		what have they done in the early ages ?		the pequot had established dominance of the political , military , and economic spheres among native americans		did they have any competition ?		at one time some scholars believed that the pequot migrated from		how dominant were they compared to the united states political influence ?		how dominant were the mashantucket pequot tribe compared to the united states political influence ?
mashantucket pequot tribe		early history		how long have the tribe been part of the world ?		pequot people and their ancestors had been in this region for thousands of years		what have they done in the early ages ?		the pequot had established dominance of the political , military , and economic spheres among native americans		did they have any competition ?		at one time some scholars believed that the pequot migrated from		how dominant were they compared to the united states political influence ?		connecticut and the massachusetts bay colony had failed in their diplomatic efforts and promoted conflict through their encroachment on native lands .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides establishing dominance of the political , military , and economic spheres among native americans , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
layla		beyond the original album		what was beyond the original album ?		what was beyond the original album ?
layla		beyond the original album		what was beyond the original album ?		in 1982 , " layla " was re - released as a single in the united kingdom , and peaked at number four .		did it win any awards ?		did beyond the original album win any music awards ?
layla		beyond the original album		what was beyond the original album ?		in 1982 , " layla " was re - released as a single in the united kingdom , and peaked at number four .		did it win any awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than the album , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
layla		beyond the original album		what was beyond the original album ?		in 1982 , " layla " was re - released as a single in the united kingdom , and peaked at number four .		did it win any awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		marsh listed " layla " at number 156 in his the heart of rock & soul : the 1001 greatest singles ever made .		did it get any other recognition ?		other than making the music charts , did the album receive any other recognition ?
layla		beyond the original album		what was beyond the original album ?		in 1982 , " layla " was re - released as a single in the united kingdom , and peaked at number four .		did it win any awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		marsh listed " layla " at number 156 in his the heart of rock & soul : the 1001 greatest singles ever made .		did it get any other recognition ?		the rolling stone illustrated history of rock and roll , wrote		what did rolling stone write ?		what did rolling stone write ?
layla		beyond the original album		what was beyond the original album ?		in 1982 , " layla " was re - released as a single in the united kingdom , and peaked at number four .		did it win any awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		marsh listed " layla " at number 156 in his the heart of rock & soul : the 1001 greatest singles ever made .		did it get any other recognition ?		the rolling stone illustrated history of rock and roll , wrote		what did rolling stone write ?		reached so deeply into himself that the effect of hearing them is akin to witnessing a murder or a suicide ... to me ' layla ' is the greatest of them .		did it win any other awards ?		aside from the rolling stone article , did the album win any other awards ?
layla		beyond the original album		what was beyond the original album ?		in 1982 , " layla " was re - released as a single in the united kingdom , and peaked at number four .		did it win any awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		marsh listed " layla " at number 156 in his the heart of rock & soul : the 1001 greatest singles ever made .		did it get any other recognition ?		the rolling stone illustrated history of rock and roll , wrote		what did rolling stone write ?		reached so deeply into himself that the effect of hearing them is akin to witnessing a murder or a suicide ... to me ' layla ' is the greatest of them .		did it win any other awards ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else notable about it ?		in addition to the success of the album , is there anything else notable about the album ?
jascha heifetz		technique and timbre		is jascha is a good violin player ?		is jascha is a good violin player ?
jascha heifetz		technique and timbre		is jascha is a good violin player ?		heifetz was " regarded as the greatest violin virtuoso since paganini , "		what was some of his famous songs ?		what were some of jascha heifetz 's famous songs ?
jascha heifetz		technique and timbre		is jascha is a good violin player ?		heifetz was " regarded as the greatest violin virtuoso since paganini , "		what was some of his famous songs ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides , technique and timbre , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
jascha heifetz		technique and timbre		is jascha is a good violin player ?		heifetz was " regarded as the greatest violin virtuoso since paganini , "		what was some of his famous songs ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		heifetz was very particular about his choice of strings .		what were his choices ?		what were jascha heifetz 's choices ?
jascha heifetz		technique and timbre		is jascha is a good violin player ?		heifetz was " regarded as the greatest violin virtuoso since paganini , "		what was some of his famous songs ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		heifetz was very particular about his choice of strings .		what were his choices ?		he used a silver wound tricolore gut g string ,		did he have a favorite technique ?		did jascha heifetz have a favorite technique ?
jascha heifetz		technique and timbre		is jascha is a good violin player ?		heifetz was " regarded as the greatest violin virtuoso since paganini , "		what was some of his famous songs ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		heifetz was very particular about his choice of strings .		what were his choices ?		he used a silver wound tricolore gut g string ,		did he have a favorite technique ?		his use of rapid vibrato , emotionally charged portamento , fast tempi , and superb bow control coalesced to create a highly distinctive sound		what is timbre ?		what is timbre ?
frank de boer		ajax		where is the team ajax located ?		where is the team ajax located ?
frank de boer		ajax		where is the team ajax located ?		i do n't know .		so he was a manager for ajax ?		so frank de boer was a manager for ajax ?
frank de boer		ajax		where is the team ajax located ?		i do n't know .		so he was a manager for ajax ?		on 11 may 2016 , de boer announced his resignation as manager of ajax following a disappointing season when ajax again lost out on the eredivisie title to psv		what else did he do with ajax ?		other than losing to the eredivisie title to psv , what else did frank de boer do with ajax ?
frank de boer		ajax		where is the team ajax located ?		i do n't know .		so he was a manager for ajax ?		on 11 may 2016 , de boer announced his resignation as manager of ajax following a disappointing season when ajax again lost out on the eredivisie title to psv		what else did he do with ajax ?		de boer has now won a total of nine eredivisie championships with ajax as a player and manager ,		when was he hired as a manager ?		when was frank de boer hired as a manager ?
frank de boer		ajax		where is the team ajax located ?		i do n't know .		so he was a manager for ajax ?		on 11 may 2016 , de boer announced his resignation as manager of ajax following a disappointing season when ajax again lost out on the eredivisie title to psv		what else did he do with ajax ?		de boer has now won a total of nine eredivisie championships with ajax as a player and manager ,		when was he hired as a manager ?		on 6 december 2010 , after the resignation of martin jol , de boer was appointed caretaker manager of ajax until the winter break .		did he stay on as a full time manager ?		did frank de boer stay on as a full time manager ?
frank de boer		ajax		where is the team ajax located ?		i do n't know .		so he was a manager for ajax ?		on 11 may 2016 , de boer announced his resignation as manager of ajax following a disappointing season when ajax again lost out on the eredivisie title to psv		what else did he do with ajax ?		de boer has now won a total of nine eredivisie championships with ajax as a player and manager ,		when was he hired as a manager ?		on 6 december 2010 , after the resignation of martin jol , de boer was appointed caretaker manager of ajax until the winter break .		did he stay on as a full time manager ?		according to reports , de boer was offered the chance to interview for the liverpool job but turned it down to remain with ajax .		did he win anything else while he was manager ?		in addition to winning nine eredivisie titles with ajax , did frank de boer win anything else while he was manager ?
frank de boer		ajax		where is the team ajax located ?		i do n't know .		so he was a manager for ajax ?		on 11 may 2016 , de boer announced his resignation as manager of ajax following a disappointing season when ajax again lost out on the eredivisie title to psv		what else did he do with ajax ?		de boer has now won a total of nine eredivisie championships with ajax as a player and manager ,		when was he hired as a manager ?		on 6 december 2010 , after the resignation of martin jol , de boer was appointed caretaker manager of ajax until the winter break .		did he stay on as a full time manager ?		according to reports , de boer was offered the chance to interview for the liverpool job but turned it down to remain with ajax .		did he win anything else while he was manager ?		in two - and - a - half years at the helm of ajax , de boer won three championships , making eight in total ( when including the five that he won as a player ) .		did he win any awards ?		did frank de boer win any awards ?
frank de boer		ajax		where is the team ajax located ?		i do n't know .		so he was a manager for ajax ?		on 11 may 2016 , de boer announced his resignation as manager of ajax following a disappointing season when ajax again lost out on the eredivisie title to psv		what else did he do with ajax ?		de boer has now won a total of nine eredivisie championships with ajax as a player and manager ,		when was he hired as a manager ?		on 6 december 2010 , after the resignation of martin jol , de boer was appointed caretaker manager of ajax until the winter break .		did he stay on as a full time manager ?		according to reports , de boer was offered the chance to interview for the liverpool job but turned it down to remain with ajax .		did he win anything else while he was manager ?		in two - and - a - half years at the helm of ajax , de boer won three championships , making eight in total ( when including the five that he won as a player ) .		did he win any awards ?		in 2013 , de boer received the rinus michels award for manager of the year in the netherlands after leading ajax to their third successive eredivisie title .		what else happened to him during this time period ?		along with winning an award , what else happened to frank de boer during 2013/14 ?
adrian smith		early years and urchin : 1957 - 1980		did he have a good relationship with his parents ?		did adrian smith have a good relationship with his parents ?
adrian smith		early years and urchin : 1957 - 1980		did he have a good relationship with his parents ?		i do n't know .		did he marry during these years ?		did adrian smith marry during the years 1957 - 1980 ?
adrian smith		early years and urchin : 1957 - 1980		did he have a good relationship with his parents ?		i do n't know .		did he marry during these years ?		i do n't know .		was he in any bands as a teenager ?		was adrian smith in any bands as a teenager ?
adrian smith		early years and urchin : 1957 - 1980		did he have a good relationship with his parents ?		i do n't know .		did he marry during these years ?		i do n't know .		was he in any bands as a teenager ?		at the age of 15 . this led him to befriend dave murray , with whom he formed a band called stone free ,		how long was he in stone free ?		how long was adrian smith in stone free ?
denny hulme		early racing career		when did he start racing ?		when did denny hulme start racing ?
denny hulme		early racing career		when did he start racing ?		i do n't know .		what race did he start racing in ?		what race did denny hulme start racing in ?
denny hulme		early racing career		when did he start racing ?		i do n't know .		what race did he start racing in ?		however , the year , 1960 ended in disaster , when lawton crashed during a race at roskilde ( denmark ) dying in hulme 's arms .		did denny hulme ever crash in his early career ?		did denny hulme ever crash in his early career ?
denny hulme		early racing career		when did he start racing ?		i do n't know .		what race did he start racing in ?		however , the year , 1960 ended in disaster , when lawton crashed during a race at roskilde ( denmark ) dying in hulme 's arms .		did denny hulme ever crash in his early career ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting facts about his early racing career ?		are there any other interesting facts in addition to denny hulme 's early racing career ?
denny hulme		early racing career		when did he start racing ?		i do n't know .		what race did he start racing in ?		however , the year , 1960 ended in disaster , when lawton crashed during a race at roskilde ( denmark ) dying in hulme 's arms .		did denny hulme ever crash in his early career ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting facts about his early racing career ?		he left school and went to work in a garage .		did he ever go back to school ?		did denny hulme ever go back to school ?
denny hulme		early racing career		when did he start racing ?		i do n't know .		what race did he start racing in ?		however , the year , 1960 ended in disaster , when lawton crashed during a race at roskilde ( denmark ) dying in hulme 's arms .		did denny hulme ever crash in his early career ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting facts about his early racing career ?		he left school and went to work in a garage .		did he ever go back to school ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about denny hulme in addition to this article ?
denny hulme		early racing career		when did he start racing ?		i do n't know .		what race did he start racing in ?		however , the year , 1960 ended in disaster , when lawton crashed during a race at roskilde ( denmark ) dying in hulme 's arms .		did denny hulme ever crash in his early career ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting facts about his early racing career ?		he left school and went to work in a garage .		did he ever go back to school ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		2 1/2 litre cooper from reg parnell and entered it in the 1961 new zealand gold star championship .		what country was he in ?		what country was denny hulme in ?
jennifer lopez		dance and stage		when did she first learn how to dance ?		when did jennifer lopez first learn how to dance ?
jennifer lopez		dance and stage		when did she first learn how to dance ?		connection to dance since her youth , when she specialized in ballet , jazz and flamenco .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides jennifer lopez 's background , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
jennifer lopez		dance and stage		when did she first learn how to dance ?		connection to dance since her youth , when she specialized in ballet , jazz and flamenco .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		her career commenced on the variety television sketch comedy series in living color ,		when did this air ?		when did the variety television sketch comedy series in living color air ?
jennifer lopez		dance and stage		when did she first learn how to dance ?		connection to dance since her youth , when she specialized in ballet , jazz and flamenco .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		her career commenced on the variety television sketch comedy series in living color ,		when did this air ?		i do n't know .		what type of dance did she do ?		what type of dance did lopez do ?
jennifer lopez		dance and stage		when did she first learn how to dance ?		connection to dance since her youth , when she specialized in ballet , jazz and flamenco .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		her career commenced on the variety television sketch comedy series in living color ,		when did this air ?		i do n't know .		what type of dance did she do ?		career , lopez has become known for her body - emphasizing music videos , which often include dance routines .		who helped with her choreography ?		who helped with lopez 's choreography ?
jennifer lopez		dance and stage		when did she first learn how to dance ?		connection to dance since her youth , when she specialized in ballet , jazz and flamenco .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		her career commenced on the variety television sketch comedy series in living color ,		when did this air ?		i do n't know .		what type of dance did she do ?		career , lopez has become known for her body - emphasizing music videos , which often include dance routines .		who helped with her choreography ?		janet jackson ,		did she perform with janet jackson ?		did lopez perform with janet jackson ?
bolt thrower		reunion with karl willetts and those once loyal ( 2004 - 2014 )		when did the reunion occur ?		when did the reunion occur ?
bolt thrower		reunion with karl willetts and those once loyal ( 2004 - 2014 )		when did the reunion occur ?		in 2004 , the band began working on new material for their latest album .		what was the name of the album ?		what was the name of the album by bolt thrower ?
bolt thrower		reunion with karl willetts and those once loyal ( 2004 - 2014 )		when did the reunion occur ?		in 2004 , the band began working on new material for their latest album .		what was the name of the album ?		recording of the album , titled those once loyal , started in may 2005 ;		did the album get good reviews ?		did the album , " those once loyal " get good reviews ?
bolt thrower		reunion with karl willetts and those once loyal ( 2004 - 2014 )		when did the reunion occur ?		in 2004 , the band began working on new material for their latest album .		what was the name of the album ?		recording of the album , titled those once loyal , started in may 2005 ;		did the album get good reviews ?		has been met with widespread critical acclaim from magazines such as rock sound , rock hard and metal hammer .		did it make it on the charts ?		did the album " those once loyal " make it on the charts ?
bolt thrower		reunion with karl willetts and those once loyal ( 2004 - 2014 )		when did the reunion occur ?		in 2004 , the band began working on new material for their latest album .		what was the name of the album ?		recording of the album , titled those once loyal , started in may 2005 ;		did the album get good reviews ?		has been met with widespread critical acclaim from magazines such as rock sound , rock hard and metal hammer .		did it make it on the charts ?		i do n't know .		did they tour ?		did bolt thrower tour ?
bobby riggs		battle of the sexes		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about bobby riggs , battle of the sexes ?
bobby riggs		battle of the sexes		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he came out of retirement to challenge one of the world 's greatest female players to a match ,		did he use cheat tactics when competing ?		did bobby riggs use cheat tactics when competing ?
bobby riggs		battle of the sexes		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he came out of retirement to challenge one of the world 's greatest female players to a match ,		did he use cheat tactics when competing ?		used his drop shots and lobs to keep an unprepared court off balance ;		was he ever eliminated because of his cheating style ?		was bobby riggs ever eliminated because of his cheating style ?
bobby riggs		battle of the sexes		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he came out of retirement to challenge one of the world 's greatest female players to a match ,		did he use cheat tactics when competing ?		used his drop shots and lobs to keep an unprepared court off balance ;		was he ever eliminated because of his cheating style ?		i do n't know .		bobby briggs was a male player ?		was bobby briggs a male player ?
bobby riggs		battle of the sexes		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he came out of retirement to challenge one of the world 's greatest female players to a match ,		did he use cheat tactics when competing ?		used his drop shots and lobs to keep an unprepared court off balance ;		was he ever eliminated because of his cheating style ?		i do n't know .		bobby briggs was a male player ?		he		did he die before retiring ?		did bobby riggs die before retiring ?
bobby riggs		battle of the sexes		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he came out of retirement to challenge one of the world 's greatest female players to a match ,		did he use cheat tactics when competing ?		used his drop shots and lobs to keep an unprepared court off balance ;		was he ever eliminated because of his cheating style ?		i do n't know .		bobby briggs was a male player ?		he		did he die before retiring ?		i do n't know .		was briggs married ?		was bobby riggs married ?
bobby riggs		battle of the sexes		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he came out of retirement to challenge one of the world 's greatest female players to a match ,		did he use cheat tactics when competing ?		used his drop shots and lobs to keep an unprepared court off balance ;		was he ever eliminated because of his cheating style ?		i do n't know .		bobby briggs was a male player ?		he		did he die before retiring ?		i do n't know .		was briggs married ?		i do n't know .		did briggs have any children that followed in his footsteps ?		did bobby riggs have any children that followed in his footsteps ?
reba mcentire		1989 - 99 : entry into film and television acting		how did she get into film ?		how did reba mcentire get into film ?
reba mcentire		1989 - 99 : entry into film and television acting		how did she get into film ?		mcentire was a guest judge on the july 13 , 2016 episode of america 's got talent .		did she do any film before then ?		did reba mcentire do any film before america 's got talent ?
reba mcentire		1989 - 99 : entry into film and television acting		how did she get into film ?		mcentire was a guest judge on the july 13 , 2016 episode of america 's got talent .		did she do any film before then ?		in 1990 , she obtained her first film role playing heather gummer in the horror comedy tremors ,		did she do any more work for america 's got talent ?		did reba mcentire do any more work for america 's got talent ?
reba mcentire		1989 - 99 : entry into film and television acting		how did she get into film ?		mcentire was a guest judge on the july 13 , 2016 episode of america 's got talent .		did she do any film before then ?		in 1990 , she obtained her first film role playing heather gummer in the horror comedy tremors ,		did she do any more work for america 's got talent ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article besides america 's got talent ?
reba mcentire		1989 - 99 : entry into film and television acting		how did she get into film ?		mcentire was a guest judge on the july 13 , 2016 episode of america 's got talent .		did she do any film before then ?		in 1990 , she obtained her first film role playing heather gummer in the horror comedy tremors ,		did she do any more work for america 's got talent ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1990 , she obtained her first film role playing heather gummer in the horror comedy tremors , along with kevin bacon .		what was her next film role ?		what was reba mcentire next film role ?
reba mcentire		1989 - 99 : entry into film and television acting		how did she get into film ?		mcentire was a guest judge on the july 13 , 2016 episode of america 's got talent .		did she do any film before then ?		in 1990 , she obtained her first film role playing heather gummer in the horror comedy tremors ,		did she do any more work for america 's got talent ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1990 , she obtained her first film role playing heather gummer in the horror comedy tremors , along with kevin bacon .		what was her next film role ?		the following year , she starred along with kenny rogers and burt reynolds in the made - for - television movies , the gambler returns : the luck of the draw		did she have any other movies ?		did reba mcentire have any other movies other than the gambler returns ?
reba mcentire		1989 - 99 : entry into film and television acting		how did she get into film ?		mcentire was a guest judge on the july 13 , 2016 episode of america 's got talent .		did she do any film before then ?		in 1990 , she obtained her first film role playing heather gummer in the horror comedy tremors ,		did she do any more work for america 's got talent ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1990 , she obtained her first film role playing heather gummer in the horror comedy tremors , along with kevin bacon .		what was her next film role ?		the following year , she starred along with kenny rogers and burt reynolds in the made - for - television movies , the gambler returns : the luck of the draw		did she have any other movies ?		the man from left field .		what was her next film ?		what was reba mcentire 's next film ?
reba mcentire		1989 - 99 : entry into film and television acting		how did she get into film ?		mcentire was a guest judge on the july 13 , 2016 episode of america 's got talent .		did she do any film before then ?		in 1990 , she obtained her first film role playing heather gummer in the horror comedy tremors ,		did she do any more work for america 's got talent ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1990 , she obtained her first film role playing heather gummer in the horror comedy tremors , along with kevin bacon .		what was her next film role ?		the following year , she starred along with kenny rogers and burt reynolds in the made - for - television movies , the gambler returns : the luck of the draw		did she have any other movies ?		the man from left field .		what was her next film ?		in 1994 , mcentire worked with director , rob reiner in the film , north , playing ma tex .		did she have any more films ?		did reba mcentire have any more films ?
reba mcentire		1989 - 99 : entry into film and television acting		how did she get into film ?		mcentire was a guest judge on the july 13 , 2016 episode of america 's got talent .		did she do any film before then ?		in 1990 , she obtained her first film role playing heather gummer in the horror comedy tremors ,		did she do any more work for america 's got talent ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1990 , she obtained her first film role playing heather gummer in the horror comedy tremors , along with kevin bacon .		what was her next film role ?		the following year , she starred along with kenny rogers and burt reynolds in the made - for - television movies , the gambler returns : the luck of the draw		did she have any other movies ?		the man from left field .		what was her next film ?		in 1994 , mcentire worked with director , rob reiner in the film , north , playing ma tex .		did she have any more films ?		in 1994 , mcentire starred in is there life out there ? , a television movie based on her song of the same name .		what other movies was she in ?		what other movies was reba mcentire in aside from tremors , the gambler , the man from left field , north and is life out there ?
misfits ( band )		1982 - 1983 : albums and dissolution		what was the album that was released in 1982 ?		what was the misfits album that was released in 1982 ?
misfits ( band )		1982 - 1983 : albums and dissolution		what was the album that was released in 1982 ?		walk among us		was this album successful ?		was the misfits album " walk among us " successful ?
misfits ( band )		1982 - 1983 : albums and dissolution		what was the album that was released in 1982 ?		walk among us		was this album successful ?		in september 1982 the misfits embarked on a national tour , with the necros as their opening act .		did they tour with that album at all ?		did the misfits tour with the " walk among us " album at all ?
misfits ( band )		1982 - 1983 : albums and dissolution		what was the album that was released in 1982 ?		walk among us		was this album successful ?		in september 1982 the misfits embarked on a national tour , with the necros as their opening act .		did they tour with that album at all ?		a national tour in support of the album followed ,		did they tour other countries ?		besides the national tour , did the misfits tour other countries ?
misfits ( band )		1982 - 1983 : albums and dissolution		what was the album that was released in 1982 ?		walk among us		was this album successful ?		in september 1982 the misfits embarked on a national tour , with the necros as their opening act .		did they tour with that album at all ?		a national tour in support of the album followed ,		did they tour other countries ?		i do n't know .		did they have any singles from this album ?		did the misfits have any singles from the " walk among us " album ?
misfits ( band )		1982 - 1983 : albums and dissolution		what was the album that was released in 1982 ?		walk among us		was this album successful ?		in september 1982 the misfits embarked on a national tour , with the necros as their opening act .		did they tour with that album at all ?		a national tour in support of the album followed ,		did they tour other countries ?		i do n't know .		did they have any singles from this album ?		i do n't know .		was there any other albums that came out during this time ?		besides " walk among us " , did the misfits have other albums that came out during the same time ?
misfits ( band )		1982 - 1983 : albums and dissolution		what was the album that was released in 1982 ?		walk among us		was this album successful ?		in september 1982 the misfits embarked on a national tour , with the necros as their opening act .		did they tour with that album at all ?		a national tour in support of the album followed ,		did they tour other countries ?		i do n't know .		did they have any singles from this album ?		i do n't know .		was there any other albums that came out during this time ?		the evilive ep .		was evilive well received ?		was evilive ep by the misfits well received ?
charles lindbergh		flight		when did lindbergh start flying ?		when did lindbergh start flying ?
charles lindbergh		flight		when did lindbergh start flying ?		in the early morning of friday , may 20 , 1927 , lindbergh took off from roosevelt field across the atlantic ocean for paris , france .		did he make any stops along the flight ?		did lindbergh make any stops along the flight from roosevelt field ?
charles lindbergh		flight		when did lindbergh start flying ?		in the early morning of friday , may 20 , 1927 , lindbergh took off from roosevelt field across the atlantic ocean for paris , france .		did he make any stops along the flight ?		over the next 33 1/2 hours , lindbergh and the spirit faced many challenges ,		what challenges did he face ?		what challenges did lindbergh face ?
charles lindbergh		flight		when did lindbergh start flying ?		in the early morning of friday , may 20 , 1927 , lindbergh took off from roosevelt field across the atlantic ocean for paris , france .		did he make any stops along the flight ?		over the next 33 1/2 hours , lindbergh and the spirit faced many challenges ,		what challenges did he face ?		the aircraft weighed about 2,710 lb ( 1,230 kg ) , and takeoff was hampered by a muddy , rain - soaked runway .		were there other challenges ?		were there other challenges besides takeoff from the runway ?
charles lindbergh		flight		when did lindbergh start flying ?		in the early morning of friday , may 20 , 1927 , lindbergh took off from roosevelt field across the atlantic ocean for paris , france .		did he make any stops along the flight ?		over the next 33 1/2 hours , lindbergh and the spirit faced many challenges ,		what challenges did he face ?		the aircraft weighed about 2,710 lb ( 1,230 kg ) , and takeoff was hampered by a muddy , rain - soaked runway .		were there other challenges ?		the aircraft fought icing , flew blind through fog for several hours , and lindbergh navigated only by dead reckoning . (		did lindbergh get there safely ?		did lindbergh get to paris safely ?
charles lindbergh		flight		when did lindbergh start flying ?		in the early morning of friday , may 20 , 1927 , lindbergh took off from roosevelt field across the atlantic ocean for paris , france .		did he make any stops along the flight ?		over the next 33 1/2 hours , lindbergh and the spirit faced many challenges ,		what challenges did he face ?		the aircraft weighed about 2,710 lb ( 1,230 kg ) , and takeoff was hampered by a muddy , rain - soaked runway .		were there other challenges ?		the aircraft fought icing , flew blind through fog for several hours , and lindbergh navigated only by dead reckoning . (		did lindbergh get there safely ?		) he landed at le bourget aerodrome at 10:22 p.m. on saturday , may 21 .		what did he do after he landed ?		what did lindbergh do after he landed ?
charles lindbergh		flight		when did lindbergh start flying ?		in the early morning of friday , may 20 , 1927 , lindbergh took off from roosevelt field across the atlantic ocean for paris , france .		did he make any stops along the flight ?		over the next 33 1/2 hours , lindbergh and the spirit faced many challenges ,		what challenges did he face ?		the aircraft weighed about 2,710 lb ( 1,230 kg ) , and takeoff was hampered by a muddy , rain - soaked runway .		were there other challenges ?		the aircraft fought icing , flew blind through fog for several hours , and lindbergh navigated only by dead reckoning . (		did lindbergh get there safely ?		) he landed at le bourget aerodrome at 10:22 p.m. on saturday , may 21 .		what did he do after he landed ?		a crowd estimated at 150,000 stormed the field , dragged lindbergh out of the cockpit , and literally carried him around above their heads for " nearly half an hour " .		did he do any other notable flights ?		did lindbergh do any other notable flights in addition to the flight to paris ?
charles lindbergh		flight		when did lindbergh start flying ?		in the early morning of friday , may 20 , 1927 , lindbergh took off from roosevelt field across the atlantic ocean for paris , france .		did he make any stops along the flight ?		over the next 33 1/2 hours , lindbergh and the spirit faced many challenges ,		what challenges did he face ?		the aircraft weighed about 2,710 lb ( 1,230 kg ) , and takeoff was hampered by a muddy , rain - soaked runway .		were there other challenges ?		the aircraft fought icing , flew blind through fog for several hours , and lindbergh navigated only by dead reckoning . (		did lindbergh get there safely ?		) he landed at le bourget aerodrome at 10:22 p.m. on saturday , may 21 .		what did he do after he landed ?		a crowd estimated at 150,000 stormed the field , dragged lindbergh out of the cockpit , and literally carried him around above their heads for " nearly half an hour " .		did he do any other notable flights ?		i do n't know .		what happened after the crowd carried him out ?		what happened after the crowd carried lindbergh out ?
charles lindbergh		flight		when did lindbergh start flying ?		in the early morning of friday , may 20 , 1927 , lindbergh took off from roosevelt field across the atlantic ocean for paris , france .		did he make any stops along the flight ?		over the next 33 1/2 hours , lindbergh and the spirit faced many challenges ,		what challenges did he face ?		the aircraft weighed about 2,710 lb ( 1,230 kg ) , and takeoff was hampered by a muddy , rain - soaked runway .		were there other challenges ?		the aircraft fought icing , flew blind through fog for several hours , and lindbergh navigated only by dead reckoning . (		did lindbergh get there safely ?		) he landed at le bourget aerodrome at 10:22 p.m. on saturday , may 21 .		what did he do after he landed ?		a crowd estimated at 150,000 stormed the field , dragged lindbergh out of the cockpit , and literally carried him around above their heads for " nearly half an hour " .		did he do any other notable flights ?		i do n't know .		what happened after the crowd carried him out ?		some damage was done to the spirit ( especially to the fine linen , silver - painted fabric covering on the fuselage ) by souvenir hunters		how else did the crowd react ?		how else did the crowd react in addition to damaging the spirit ?
charles lindbergh		flight		when did lindbergh start flying ?		in the early morning of friday , may 20 , 1927 , lindbergh took off from roosevelt field across the atlantic ocean for paris , france .		did he make any stops along the flight ?		over the next 33 1/2 hours , lindbergh and the spirit faced many challenges ,		what challenges did he face ?		the aircraft weighed about 2,710 lb ( 1,230 kg ) , and takeoff was hampered by a muddy , rain - soaked runway .		were there other challenges ?		the aircraft fought icing , flew blind through fog for several hours , and lindbergh navigated only by dead reckoning . (		did lindbergh get there safely ?		) he landed at le bourget aerodrome at 10:22 p.m. on saturday , may 21 .		what did he do after he landed ?		a crowd estimated at 150,000 stormed the field , dragged lindbergh out of the cockpit , and literally carried him around above their heads for " nearly half an hour " .		did he do any other notable flights ?		i do n't know .		what happened after the crowd carried him out ?		some damage was done to the spirit ( especially to the fine linen , silver - painted fabric covering on the fuselage ) by souvenir hunters		how else did the crowd react ?		before pilot and plane reached the safety of a nearby hangar with the aid of french military fliers , soldiers , and police .		what did he do after that flight ?		what did lindbergh do after paris ?
jennifer granholm		early life and education		where was she born ?		where was jennifer granholm born ?
jennifer granholm		early life and education		where was she born ?		granholm was born in vancouver , british columbia , canada ,		when was she born ?		when was jennifer granholm born ?
jennifer granholm		early life and education		where was she born ?		granholm was born in vancouver , british columbia , canada ,		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		does she have siblings ?		does jennifer granholm have siblings ?
jennifer granholm		early life and education		where was she born ?		granholm was born in vancouver , british columbia , canada ,		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		does she have siblings ?		i do n't know .		where did she attend school ?		where did jennifer granholm attend school ?
jennifer granholm		early life and education		where was she born ?		granholm was born in vancouver , british columbia , canada ,		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		does she have siblings ?		i do n't know .		where did she attend school ?		she grew up in anaheim , san jose , and san carlos . granholm graduated from san carlos high school in 1977		did she attend college ?		did jennifer granholm attend college ?
jennifer granholm		early life and education		where was she born ?		granholm was born in vancouver , british columbia , canada ,		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		does she have siblings ?		i do n't know .		where did she attend school ?		she grew up in anaheim , san jose , and san carlos . granholm graduated from san carlos high school in 1977		did she attend college ?		enrolled at the university of california , berkeley ,		what did she study ?		what did jennifer granholm study ?
jennifer granholm		early life and education		where was she born ?		granholm was born in vancouver , british columbia , canada ,		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		does she have siblings ?		i do n't know .		where did she attend school ?		she grew up in anaheim , san jose , and san carlos . granholm graduated from san carlos high school in 1977		did she attend college ?		enrolled at the university of california , berkeley ,		what did she study ?		graduating in 1984 with a b.a. in political science and french .		did she attend school else where ?		did jennifer granholm attend school else where besides the university of california ?
jennifer granholm		early life and education		where was she born ?		granholm was born in vancouver , british columbia , canada ,		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		does she have siblings ?		i do n't know .		where did she attend school ?		she grew up in anaheim , san jose , and san carlos . granholm graduated from san carlos high school in 1977		did she attend college ?		enrolled at the university of california , berkeley ,		what did she study ?		graduating in 1984 with a b.a. in political science and french .		did she attend school else where ?		harvard law school ,		when did she attend harvard ?		when did jennifer granholm attend harvard ?
jennifer granholm		early life and education		where was she born ?		granholm was born in vancouver , british columbia , canada ,		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		does she have siblings ?		i do n't know .		where did she attend school ?		she grew up in anaheim , san jose , and san carlos . granholm graduated from san carlos high school in 1977		did she attend college ?		enrolled at the university of california , berkeley ,		what did she study ?		graduating in 1984 with a b.a. in political science and french .		did she attend school else where ?		harvard law school ,		when did she attend harvard ?		1987 .		did she graduate ?		did jennifer granholm graduate ?
jennifer granholm		early life and education		where was she born ?		granholm was born in vancouver , british columbia , canada ,		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		does she have siblings ?		i do n't know .		where did she attend school ?		she grew up in anaheim , san jose , and san carlos . granholm graduated from san carlos high school in 1977		did she attend college ?		enrolled at the university of california , berkeley ,		what did she study ?		graduating in 1984 with a b.a. in political science and french .		did she attend school else where ?		harvard law school ,		when did she attend harvard ?		1987 .		did she graduate ?		she then earned a juris doctor degree at harvard university , also with honors ,		what did she do after she graduated ?		what did jennifer granholm do after she graduated harvard university ?
jennifer granholm		early life and education		where was she born ?		granholm was born in vancouver , british columbia , canada ,		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		does she have siblings ?		i do n't know .		where did she attend school ?		she grew up in anaheim , san jose , and san carlos . granholm graduated from san carlos high school in 1977		did she attend college ?		enrolled at the university of california , berkeley ,		what did she study ?		graduating in 1984 with a b.a. in political science and french .		did she attend school else where ?		harvard law school ,		when did she attend harvard ?		1987 .		did she graduate ?		she then earned a juris doctor degree at harvard university , also with honors ,		what did she do after she graduated ?		at harvard law school , granholm served as editor - in - chief of the harvard civil rights - civil liberties law review , the leading progressive law journal in the united states .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article about jennifer granholm besides her graduation from university of california and harvard ? ?
jennifer granholm		early life and education		where was she born ?		granholm was born in vancouver , british columbia , canada ,		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		does she have siblings ?		i do n't know .		where did she attend school ?		she grew up in anaheim , san jose , and san carlos . granholm graduated from san carlos high school in 1977		did she attend college ?		enrolled at the university of california , berkeley ,		what did she study ?		graduating in 1984 with a b.a. in political science and french .		did she attend school else where ?		harvard law school ,		when did she attend harvard ?		1987 .		did she graduate ?		she then earned a juris doctor degree at harvard university , also with honors ,		what did she do after she graduated ?		at harvard law school , granholm served as editor - in - chief of the harvard civil rights - civil liberties law review , the leading progressive law journal in the united states .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		won the miss san carlos beauty pageant .		when was this ?		when did jennifer granholm won the miss san carlos beauty pageant ?
buster keaton		body language		what does this section say about his body language ?		what does the section on body language say about buster keaton 's body language ?
buster keaton		body language		what does this section say about his body language ?		film critic david thomson later described keaton 's style of comedy : " buster plainly is a man inclined towards a belief in nothing but mathematics and absurdity ...		how did he use his body language ?		how did buster keaton use his body language ?
buster keaton		body language		what does this section say about his body language ?		film critic david thomson later described keaton 's style of comedy : " buster plainly is a man inclined towards a belief in nothing but mathematics and absurdity ...		how did he use his body language ?		keaton 's genius as an actor to keep a face so nearly deadpan and yet render it , by subtle inflections , so vividly expressive of inner life .		how was this received ?		how was buster keaton 's use of his body language received ?
buster keaton		body language		what does this section say about his body language ?		film critic david thomson later described keaton 's style of comedy : " buster plainly is a man inclined towards a belief in nothing but mathematics and absurdity ...		how did he use his body language ?		keaton 's genius as an actor to keep a face so nearly deadpan and yet render it , by subtle inflections , so vividly expressive of inner life .		how was this received ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards ?		did buster keaton win any awards ?
buster keaton		body language		what does this section say about his body language ?		film critic david thomson later described keaton 's style of comedy : " buster plainly is a man inclined towards a belief in nothing but mathematics and absurdity ...		how did he use his body language ?		keaton 's genius as an actor to keep a face so nearly deadpan and yet render it , by subtle inflections , so vividly expressive of inner life .		how was this received ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what else is interesting in this section ?		what else other than buster keaton 's body language is interesting in the section on body language ?
buster keaton		body language		what does this section say about his body language ?		film critic david thomson later described keaton 's style of comedy : " buster plainly is a man inclined towards a belief in nothing but mathematics and absurdity ...		how did he use his body language ?		keaton 's genius as an actor to keep a face so nearly deadpan and yet render it , by subtle inflections , so vividly expressive of inner life .		how was this received ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what else is interesting in this section ?		the traditional buster stance requires that he remain upstanding , full of backbone , looking ahead ...		and what ?		and what else besides the traditional buster keaton stance is interesting ?
buster keaton		body language		what does this section say about his body language ?		film critic david thomson later described keaton 's style of comedy : " buster plainly is a man inclined towards a belief in nothing but mathematics and absurdity ...		how did he use his body language ?		keaton 's genius as an actor to keep a face so nearly deadpan and yet render it , by subtle inflections , so vividly expressive of inner life .		how was this received ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what else is interesting in this section ?		the traditional buster stance requires that he remain upstanding , full of backbone , looking ahead ...		and what ?		[ in the general ] he clambers onto the roof of his locomotive and leans gently forward to scan the terrain , with the breeze in his hair		how did the general perform ?		how did the general perform ?
buster keaton		body language		what does this section say about his body language ?		film critic david thomson later described keaton 's style of comedy : " buster plainly is a man inclined towards a belief in nothing but mathematics and absurdity ...		how did he use his body language ?		keaton 's genius as an actor to keep a face so nearly deadpan and yet render it , by subtle inflections , so vividly expressive of inner life .		how was this received ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what else is interesting in this section ?		the traditional buster stance requires that he remain upstanding , full of backbone , looking ahead ...		and what ?		[ in the general ] he clambers onto the roof of his locomotive and leans gently forward to scan the terrain , with the breeze in his hair		how did the general perform ?		i do n't know .		did he get any other reviews ?		did buster keaton get any other reviews besides david thomson 's ?
buster keaton		body language		what does this section say about his body language ?		film critic david thomson later described keaton 's style of comedy : " buster plainly is a man inclined towards a belief in nothing but mathematics and absurdity ...		how did he use his body language ?		keaton 's genius as an actor to keep a face so nearly deadpan and yet render it , by subtle inflections , so vividly expressive of inner life .		how was this received ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what else is interesting in this section ?		the traditional buster stance requires that he remain upstanding , full of backbone , looking ahead ...		and what ?		[ in the general ] he clambers onto the roof of his locomotive and leans gently forward to scan the terrain , with the breeze in his hair		how did the general perform ?		i do n't know .		did he get any other reviews ?		gilberto perez commented on " keaton 's genius as an actor to keep a face so nearly deadpan and yet render it ,		what was his best performance ?		what was buster keaton 's best performance ?
buster keaton		body language		what does this section say about his body language ?		film critic david thomson later described keaton 's style of comedy : " buster plainly is a man inclined towards a belief in nothing but mathematics and absurdity ...		how did he use his body language ?		keaton 's genius as an actor to keep a face so nearly deadpan and yet render it , by subtle inflections , so vividly expressive of inner life .		how was this received ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what else is interesting in this section ?		the traditional buster stance requires that he remain upstanding , full of backbone , looking ahead ...		and what ?		[ in the general ] he clambers onto the roof of his locomotive and leans gently forward to scan the terrain , with the breeze in his hair		how did the general perform ?		i do n't know .		did he get any other reviews ?		gilberto perez commented on " keaton 's genius as an actor to keep a face so nearly deadpan and yet render it ,		what was his best performance ?		i do n't know .		what else is noteworthy of this section ?		what else besides buster keaton 's body language and stance is noteworthy of the section on body langauge ?
buster keaton		body language		what does this section say about his body language ?		film critic david thomson later described keaton 's style of comedy : " buster plainly is a man inclined towards a belief in nothing but mathematics and absurdity ...		how did he use his body language ?		keaton 's genius as an actor to keep a face so nearly deadpan and yet render it , by subtle inflections , so vividly expressive of inner life .		how was this received ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what else is interesting in this section ?		the traditional buster stance requires that he remain upstanding , full of backbone , looking ahead ...		and what ?		[ in the general ] he clambers onto the roof of his locomotive and leans gently forward to scan the terrain , with the breeze in his hair		how did the general perform ?		i do n't know .		did he get any other reviews ?		gilberto perez commented on " keaton 's genius as an actor to keep a face so nearly deadpan and yet render it ,		what was his best performance ?		i do n't know .		what else is noteworthy of this section ?		film historian jeffrey vance wrote : buster keaton 's comedy endures		endures what ?		buster keaton 's comedy endures what ?
tazz		the alliance ( 2000 - 2001 )		what is the alliance about ?		what is the alliance about ?
tazz		the alliance ( 2000 - 2001 )		what is the alliance about ?		after being contacted by the world wrestling federation ( wwf ) and world championship wrestling ( wcw ) in 1999 , taz debuted for the wwf , with the slightly modified ring name tazz ,		how successful was tazz 's career ?		how successful was tazz 's career ?
tazz		the alliance ( 2000 - 2001 )		what is the alliance about ?		after being contacted by the world wrestling federation ( wwf ) and world championship wrestling ( wcw ) in 1999 , taz debuted for the wwf , with the slightly modified ring name tazz ,		how successful was tazz 's career ?		tazz held the title for ten days before losing it to tommy dreamer ,		did he have many matches with tommy dreamer ?		did tazz have many matches with tommy dreamer ?
tazz		the alliance ( 2000 - 2001 )		what is the alliance about ?		after being contacted by the world wrestling federation ( wwf ) and world championship wrestling ( wcw ) in 1999 , taz debuted for the wwf , with the slightly modified ring name tazz ,		how successful was tazz 's career ?		tazz held the title for ten days before losing it to tommy dreamer ,		did he have many matches with tommy dreamer ?		i do n't know .		what are some other important aspects regarding the alliance ?		what are some other important aspects besides the match with tommy dreamer regarding the alliance ?
tazz		the alliance ( 2000 - 2001 )		what is the alliance about ?		after being contacted by the world wrestling federation ( wwf ) and world championship wrestling ( wcw ) in 1999 , taz debuted for the wwf , with the slightly modified ring name tazz ,		how successful was tazz 's career ?		tazz held the title for ten days before losing it to tommy dreamer ,		did he have many matches with tommy dreamer ?		i do n't know .		what are some other important aspects regarding the alliance ?		after losing the ecw world heavyweight championship , tazz was placed into contention for the intercontinental championship ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from intercontinental championship , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
tazz		the alliance ( 2000 - 2001 )		what is the alliance about ?		after being contacted by the world wrestling federation ( wwf ) and world championship wrestling ( wcw ) in 1999 , taz debuted for the wwf , with the slightly modified ring name tazz ,		how successful was tazz 's career ?		tazz held the title for ten days before losing it to tommy dreamer ,		did he have many matches with tommy dreamer ?		i do n't know .		what are some other important aspects regarding the alliance ?		after losing the ecw world heavyweight championship , tazz was placed into contention for the intercontinental championship ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		when the invasion angle began , tazz acted as " the voice of the wcw / ecw alliance " , sticking up for them and speaking on their behalf		is there anything else that is unique regarding this ?		besides the invasion angle , is there anything else that is unique regarding tazz acting as the voice of the alliance ?
tazz		the alliance ( 2000 - 2001 )		what is the alliance about ?		after being contacted by the world wrestling federation ( wwf ) and world championship wrestling ( wcw ) in 1999 , taz debuted for the wwf , with the slightly modified ring name tazz ,		how successful was tazz 's career ?		tazz held the title for ten days before losing it to tommy dreamer ,		did he have many matches with tommy dreamer ?		i do n't know .		what are some other important aspects regarding the alliance ?		after losing the ecw world heavyweight championship , tazz was placed into contention for the intercontinental championship ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		when the invasion angle began , tazz acted as " the voice of the wcw / ecw alliance " , sticking up for them and speaking on their behalf		is there anything else that is unique regarding this ?		stone cold steve austin criticized his decision to stay on commentary rather than help ecw owner stephanie mcmahon .		was there any controversy regarding this ?		was there any controversy regarding tazz staying on commentary ?
fat freddy 's drop		live at the matterhorn and singles : 2001 - 2004		what is live at the matterhorn ?		what is live at the matterhorn ?
fat freddy 's drop		live at the matterhorn and singles : 2001 - 2004		what is live at the matterhorn ?		band 's first full - length album , live at the matterhorn , was released in 2001 by the drop .		did the album do well ?		did the album , " live at the matterhorn " do well ?
fat freddy 's drop		live at the matterhorn and singles : 2001 - 2004		what is live at the matterhorn ?		band 's first full - length album , live at the matterhorn , was released in 2001 by the drop .		did the album do well ?		very little mastering was done to the album , which is divided into four tracks averaging 18 minutes each . it was not formally promoted , but sold 9,000 copies		what singles are on the album ?		what singles are on the album , " live at the matterhorn " ?
fat freddy 's drop		live at the matterhorn and singles : 2001 - 2004		what is live at the matterhorn ?		band 's first full - length album , live at the matterhorn , was released in 2001 by the drop .		did the album do well ?		very little mastering was done to the album , which is divided into four tracks averaging 18 minutes each . it was not formally promoted , but sold 9,000 copies		what singles are on the album ?		hope " and " runnin " ,		what did they do after the album ?		what did fat freddy 's drop do after the album , " live at the matterhorn " ?
fat freddy 's drop		live at the matterhorn and singles : 2001 - 2004		what is live at the matterhorn ?		band 's first full - length album , live at the matterhorn , was released in 2001 by the drop .		did the album do well ?		very little mastering was done to the album , which is divided into four tracks averaging 18 minutes each . it was not formally promoted , but sold 9,000 copies		what singles are on the album ?		hope " and " runnin " ,		what did they do after the album ?		live at the matterhorn , gave them more opportunities to establish themselves as one of the area 's best live acts .		where did they play at ?		where did fat freddy 's drop play at ?
fat freddy 's drop		live at the matterhorn and singles : 2001 - 2004		what is live at the matterhorn ?		band 's first full - length album , live at the matterhorn , was released in 2001 by the drop .		did the album do well ?		very little mastering was done to the album , which is divided into four tracks averaging 18 minutes each . it was not formally promoted , but sold 9,000 copies		what singles are on the album ?		hope " and " runnin " ,		what did they do after the album ?		live at the matterhorn , gave them more opportunities to establish themselves as one of the area 's best live acts .		where did they play at ?		the " forerunner for fat freddys"--provided the band opportunities to play in front of larger crowds		what was the forerunner for fat freddys ' ?		what was the forerunner for fat freddys ' ?
fat freddy 's drop		live at the matterhorn and singles : 2001 - 2004		what is live at the matterhorn ?		band 's first full - length album , live at the matterhorn , was released in 2001 by the drop .		did the album do well ?		very little mastering was done to the album , which is divided into four tracks averaging 18 minutes each . it was not formally promoted , but sold 9,000 copies		what singles are on the album ?		hope " and " runnin " ,		what did they do after the album ?		live at the matterhorn , gave them more opportunities to establish themselves as one of the area 's best live acts .		where did they play at ?		the " forerunner for fat freddys"--provided the band opportunities to play in front of larger crowds		what was the forerunner for fat freddys ' ?		an established group from kaikoura named salmonella dub -- who one member described as the " forerunner for fat freddys"--		did they release any other single songs ?		did fat freddy 's drop release any other single songs besides " hope " and " runnin " ?
fat freddy 's drop		live at the matterhorn and singles : 2001 - 2004		what is live at the matterhorn ?		band 's first full - length album , live at the matterhorn , was released in 2001 by the drop .		did the album do well ?		very little mastering was done to the album , which is divided into four tracks averaging 18 minutes each . it was not formally promoted , but sold 9,000 copies		what singles are on the album ?		hope " and " runnin " ,		what did they do after the album ?		live at the matterhorn , gave them more opportunities to establish themselves as one of the area 's best live acts .		where did they play at ?		the " forerunner for fat freddys"--provided the band opportunities to play in front of larger crowds		what was the forerunner for fat freddys ' ?		an established group from kaikoura named salmonella dub -- who one member described as the " forerunner for fat freddys"--		did they release any other single songs ?		the third single , released by the drop in 2002 , " midnight marauders " became their first step towards international recognition when a copy was taken to german record label		how did the song do with the german label ?		how did the song , " midnight marauders " do with the german label ?
fat freddy 's drop		live at the matterhorn and singles : 2001 - 2004		what is live at the matterhorn ?		band 's first full - length album , live at the matterhorn , was released in 2001 by the drop .		did the album do well ?		very little mastering was done to the album , which is divided into four tracks averaging 18 minutes each . it was not formally promoted , but sold 9,000 copies		what singles are on the album ?		hope " and " runnin " ,		what did they do after the album ?		live at the matterhorn , gave them more opportunities to establish themselves as one of the area 's best live acts .		where did they play at ?		the " forerunner for fat freddys"--provided the band opportunities to play in front of larger crowds		what was the forerunner for fat freddys ' ?		an established group from kaikoura named salmonella dub -- who one member described as the " forerunner for fat freddys"--		did they release any other single songs ?		the third single , released by the drop in 2002 , " midnight marauders " became their first step towards international recognition when a copy was taken to german record label		how did the song do with the german label ?		that year , sonar and affiliated label best seven re - released the single in germany , and european dj group jazzanova used the track in several mixes .		did this success lead to a tour ?		did the success of " midnight marauders " lead to a tour ?
body count ( band )		controversy over the song cop killer ( 1992 )		who wrote the song " cop killer " ?		who wrote the song ' cop killer ' ?
body count ( band )		controversy over the song cop killer ( 1992 )		who wrote the song " cop killer " ?		ice - t ,		how was this song perceived by the community ?		how was the song , " cop killer " , perceived by the community ?
body count ( band )		controversy over the song cop killer ( 1992 )		who wrote the song " cop killer " ?		ice - t ,		how was this song perceived by the community ?		it was seen as an attack against the entire police force .		was there any action taken against the band for this song ?		was there any action taken against body count for their song , cop killer ?
body count ( band )		controversy over the song cop killer ( 1992 )		who wrote the song " cop killer " ?		ice - t ,		how was this song perceived by the community ?		it was seen as an attack against the entire police force .		was there any action taken against the band for this song ?		law enforcement association of texas launched a campaign to force warner bros. records to withdraw the album .		did warner bros records withdraw the album ?		did warner bros records withdraw body count 's album ?
body count ( band )		controversy over the song cop killer ( 1992 )		who wrote the song " cop killer " ?		ice - t ,		how was this song perceived by the community ?		it was seen as an attack against the entire police force .		was there any action taken against the band for this song ?		law enforcement association of texas launched a campaign to force warner bros. records to withdraw the album .		did warner bros records withdraw the album ?		cop killer " was replaced by a new version of " freedom of speech ,		did the song cop killer receive any national attention ?		did the song cop killer receive any national attention ?
body count ( band )		controversy over the song cop killer ( 1992 )		who wrote the song " cop killer " ?		ice - t ,		how was this song perceived by the community ?		it was seen as an attack against the entire police force .		was there any action taken against the band for this song ?		law enforcement association of texas launched a campaign to force warner bros. records to withdraw the album .		did warner bros records withdraw the album ?		cop killer " was replaced by a new version of " freedom of speech ,		did the song cop killer receive any national attention ?		president george h.w. bush publicly denounced any record company that would release such a product .		what was the presidents reason for denouncing this type of music ?		what was president george h.w. bush 's reason for denouncing body count 's song cop killer ?
body count ( band )		controversy over the song cop killer ( 1992 )		who wrote the song " cop killer " ?		ice - t ,		how was this song perceived by the community ?		it was seen as an attack against the entire police force .		was there any action taken against the band for this song ?		law enforcement association of texas launched a campaign to force warner bros. records to withdraw the album .		did warner bros records withdraw the album ?		cop killer " was replaced by a new version of " freedom of speech ,		did the song cop killer receive any national attention ?		president george h.w. bush publicly denounced any record company that would release such a product .		what was the presidents reason for denouncing this type of music ?		the criticism escalated to the point where death threats were sent to time - warner executives , and shareholders threatened to pull out of the company .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides george h.w. bush denouncing body count 's music , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
body count ( band )		controversy over the song cop killer ( 1992 )		who wrote the song " cop killer " ?		ice - t ,		how was this song perceived by the community ?		it was seen as an attack against the entire police force .		was there any action taken against the band for this song ?		law enforcement association of texas launched a campaign to force warner bros. records to withdraw the album .		did warner bros records withdraw the album ?		cop killer " was replaced by a new version of " freedom of speech ,		did the song cop killer receive any national attention ?		president george h.w. bush publicly denounced any record company that would release such a product .		what was the presidents reason for denouncing this type of music ?		the criticism escalated to the point where death threats were sent to time - warner executives , and shareholders threatened to pull out of the company .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		variety reported that the album had sold 480,000 copies by january 29 , 1993 .		did they recieve any awards for this album ?		did body count recieve any awards for their album about cop killer ?
ned kelly		shoemaker shop brawl		what did ned kelly do ?		what did ned kelly do ?
ned kelly		shoemaker shop brawl		what did ned kelly do ?		kelly , while drunk , was arrested for riding over a footpath and locked - up for the night .		what happened after he was locked up for the night ?		what happened after ned kelly was locked up for the night ?
ned kelly		shoemaker shop brawl		what did ned kelly do ?		kelly , while drunk , was arrested for riding over a footpath and locked - up for the night .		what happened after he was locked up for the night ?		the next day , while he was escorted by four policemen , he absconded and ran , taking refuge in a shoemaker 's shop .		did it say what happened in the shoemakers shop ?		did it say what happened to ned kelly in the shoemakers shop ?
ned kelly		shoemaker shop brawl		what did ned kelly do ?		kelly , while drunk , was arrested for riding over a footpath and locked - up for the night .		what happened after he was locked up for the night ?		the next day , while he was escorted by four policemen , he absconded and ran , taking refuge in a shoemaker 's shop .		did it say what happened in the shoemakers shop ?		the police and the shop owner tried to handcuff him but failed . during the struggle kelly 's trousers were ripped off .		what happened after his trousers were ripped off ?		what happened after ned kelly 's trousers were ripped off in the shoemakers shop ?
ned kelly		shoemaker shop brawl		what did ned kelly do ?		kelly , while drunk , was arrested for riding over a footpath and locked - up for the night .		what happened after he was locked up for the night ?		the next day , while he was escorted by four policemen , he absconded and ran , taking refuge in a shoemaker 's shop .		did it say what happened in the shoemakers shop ?		the police and the shop owner tried to handcuff him but failed . during the struggle kelly 's trousers were ripped off .		what happened after his trousers were ripped off ?		grabbed and squeezed his testicles ) .		what happened next ?		after ned kelly 's trousers were ripped off in the shoemakers shop , what happened next ?
ned kelly		shoemaker shop brawl		what did ned kelly do ?		kelly , while drunk , was arrested for riding over a footpath and locked - up for the night .		what happened after he was locked up for the night ?		the next day , while he was escorted by four policemen , he absconded and ran , taking refuge in a shoemaker 's shop .		did it say what happened in the shoemakers shop ?		the police and the shop owner tried to handcuff him but failed . during the struggle kelly 's trousers were ripped off .		what happened after his trousers were ripped off ?		grabbed and squeezed his testicles ) .		what happened next ?		during the struggle , a miller walked in , and on seeing the behaviour of the police said " you should be ashamed of yourselves " .		did he have any other run ins with the police ?		did ned kelly have any other run ins with the police aside from the shoemakers shop incident ?
ned kelly		shoemaker shop brawl		what did ned kelly do ?		kelly , while drunk , was arrested for riding over a footpath and locked - up for the night .		what happened after he was locked up for the night ?		the next day , while he was escorted by four policemen , he absconded and ran , taking refuge in a shoemaker 's shop .		did it say what happened in the shoemakers shop ?		the police and the shop owner tried to handcuff him but failed . during the struggle kelly 's trousers were ripped off .		what happened after his trousers were ripped off ?		grabbed and squeezed his testicles ) .		what happened next ?		during the struggle , a miller walked in , and on seeing the behaviour of the police said " you should be ashamed of yourselves " .		did he have any other run ins with the police ?		it is reported that in the aftermath , kelly ominously foreshadowed the crime that would eventually sentence him to death ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from ned kelly 's arrest outside the shoemakers shop , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
marcus garvey		conflicts with du bois and others		what conflicts did he have with du bois ?		what conflicts did marcus garvey have with du bois ?
marcus garvey		conflicts with du bois and others		what conflicts did he have with du bois ?		du bois considered garvey 's program of complete separation a capitulation to white supremacy ;		can you elaborate ?		can you elaborate on why du bois considered garvey 's program of complete separation a capitulation to white supremacy ?
marcus garvey		conflicts with du bois and others		what conflicts did he have with du bois ?		du bois considered garvey 's program of complete separation a capitulation to white supremacy ;		can you elaborate ?		a tacit admission that blacks could never be equal to whites .		how did he approach the situation ?		how did du bois approach garvey 's program of complete separation ?
marcus garvey		conflicts with du bois and others		what conflicts did he have with du bois ?		du bois considered garvey 's program of complete separation a capitulation to white supremacy ;		can you elaborate ?		a tacit admission that blacks could never be equal to whites .		how did he approach the situation ?		noting how popular the idea was with racist thinkers and politicians , du bois feared that garvey threatened the gains made by his own movement .		did they confront one another ?		did garvey and du bois ever confront one another ?
marcus garvey		conflicts with du bois and others		what conflicts did he have with du bois ?		du bois considered garvey 's program of complete separation a capitulation to white supremacy ;		can you elaborate ?		a tacit admission that blacks could never be equal to whites .		how did he approach the situation ?		noting how popular the idea was with racist thinkers and politicians , du bois feared that garvey threatened the gains made by his own movement .		did they confront one another ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the disagreement between garvey and du bois over separation , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
marcus garvey		conflicts with du bois and others		what conflicts did he have with du bois ?		du bois considered garvey 's program of complete separation a capitulation to white supremacy ;		can you elaborate ?		a tacit admission that blacks could never be equal to whites .		how did he approach the situation ?		noting how popular the idea was with racist thinkers and politicians , du bois feared that garvey threatened the gains made by his own movement .		did they confront one another ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		garvey recognized the influence of the ku klux klan		what was their influence ?		what did garvey think was the influence of the kkk ?
marcus garvey		conflicts with du bois and others		what conflicts did he have with du bois ?		du bois considered garvey 's program of complete separation a capitulation to white supremacy ;		can you elaborate ?		a tacit admission that blacks could never be equal to whites .		how did he approach the situation ?		noting how popular the idea was with racist thinkers and politicians , du bois feared that garvey threatened the gains made by his own movement .		did they confront one another ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		garvey recognized the influence of the ku klux klan		what was their influence ?		klan , the anglo - saxon clubs and white american societies , as far as the negro is concerned , as better friends of the race than all other groups of hypocritical whites put together .		why is that ?		why is klan , the anglo - saxon clubs and white american societies , as far as the negro is concerned , better friends of the race than all other groups of hypocritical whites put together ? ?
marcus garvey		conflicts with du bois and others		what conflicts did he have with du bois ?		du bois considered garvey 's program of complete separation a capitulation to white supremacy ;		can you elaborate ?		a tacit admission that blacks could never be equal to whites .		how did he approach the situation ?		noting how popular the idea was with racist thinkers and politicians , du bois feared that garvey threatened the gains made by his own movement .		did they confront one another ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		garvey recognized the influence of the ku klux klan		what was their influence ?		klan , the anglo - saxon clubs and white american societies , as far as the negro is concerned , as better friends of the race than all other groups of hypocritical whites put together .		why is that ?		every white man is a klansman as far as the negro in competition with whites socially , economically and politically is concerned , and there is no use lying .		who else did he have conflict with ?		other than the ku klux klan , who else did garvey have conflict with ?
marcus garvey		conflicts with du bois and others		what conflicts did he have with du bois ?		du bois considered garvey 's program of complete separation a capitulation to white supremacy ;		can you elaborate ?		a tacit admission that blacks could never be equal to whites .		how did he approach the situation ?		noting how popular the idea was with racist thinkers and politicians , du bois feared that garvey threatened the gains made by his own movement .		did they confront one another ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		garvey recognized the influence of the ku klux klan		what was their influence ?		klan , the anglo - saxon clubs and white american societies , as far as the negro is concerned , as better friends of the race than all other groups of hypocritical whites put together .		why is that ?		every white man is a klansman as far as the negro in competition with whites socially , economically and politically is concerned , and there is no use lying .		who else did he have conflict with ?		after garvey 's entente with the klan , a number of african - american leaders appealed to u.s. attorney general harry m. daugherty to have garvey incarcerated .		for what reason ?		why did a number of african - american leaders appeal to u.s. attorney general harry m. daugherty to have garvey incarcerated ?
marcus garvey		conflicts with du bois and others		what conflicts did he have with du bois ?		du bois considered garvey 's program of complete separation a capitulation to white supremacy ;		can you elaborate ?		a tacit admission that blacks could never be equal to whites .		how did he approach the situation ?		noting how popular the idea was with racist thinkers and politicians , du bois feared that garvey threatened the gains made by his own movement .		did they confront one another ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		garvey recognized the influence of the ku klux klan		what was their influence ?		klan , the anglo - saxon clubs and white american societies , as far as the negro is concerned , as better friends of the race than all other groups of hypocritical whites put together .		why is that ?		every white man is a klansman as far as the negro in competition with whites socially , economically and politically is concerned , and there is no use lying .		who else did he have conflict with ?		after garvey 's entente with the klan , a number of african - american leaders appealed to u.s. attorney general harry m. daugherty to have garvey incarcerated .		for what reason ?		i do n't know .		around what year was this ?		in what year did a number of african - american leaders appeal to u.s. attorney general harry m. daugherty to have garvey incarcerated ?
carly fiorina		at&t and lucent		what was her role at at&t ?		what was carly fiorina 's role at at&t ?
carly fiorina		at&t and lucent		what was her role at at&t ?		in 1980 , fiorina joined at&t as a management trainee ,		did she rise in the company ?		did carly fiorina rise in at&t after joining it in 1980 ?
carly fiorina		at&t and lucent		what was her role at at&t ?		in 1980 , fiorina joined at&t as a management trainee ,		did she rise in the company ?		in 1990 , she became the company 's first female officer as senior vice president		what role did she play ine lucent ?		what role did carly fiorina play in lucent ?
carly fiorina		at&t and lucent		what was her role at at&t ?		in 1980 , fiorina joined at&t as a management trainee ,		did she rise in the company ?		in 1990 , she became the company 's first female officer as senior vice president		what role did she play ine lucent ?		in 1995 , fiorina led corporate operations for lucent technologies , inc. , a spin - off from at&t		did the company thrive ?		did the lucent technologies thrive after carly fiorina started to lead its corporate operations in 1995 ?
carly fiorina		at&t and lucent		what was her role at at&t ?		in 1980 , fiorina joined at&t as a management trainee ,		did she rise in the company ?		in 1990 , she became the company 's first female officer as senior vice president		what role did she play ine lucent ?		in 1995 , fiorina led corporate operations for lucent technologies , inc. , a spin - off from at&t		did the company thrive ?		the spin - off became one of the most successful ipos in u.s. history , raising us$ 3 billion .		did the company go under ?		did the lucent technologies go under after carly fiorina 's spin - off ?
carly fiorina		at&t and lucent		what was her role at at&t ?		in 1980 , fiorina joined at&t as a management trainee ,		did she rise in the company ?		in 1990 , she became the company 's first female officer as senior vice president		what role did she play ine lucent ?		in 1995 , fiorina led corporate operations for lucent technologies , inc. , a spin - off from at&t		did the company thrive ?		the spin - off became one of the most successful ipos in u.s. history , raising us$ 3 billion .		did the company go under ?		fiorina chaired a us$ 2.5 billion joint venture between lucent 's consumer communications and royal philips electronics ,		how did the merge go ?		how did the merge between lucent and royal philips electronics go ?
carly fiorina		at&t and lucent		what was her role at at&t ?		in 1980 , fiorina joined at&t as a management trainee ,		did she rise in the company ?		in 1990 , she became the company 's first female officer as senior vice president		what role did she play ine lucent ?		in 1995 , fiorina led corporate operations for lucent technologies , inc. , a spin - off from at&t		did the company thrive ?		the spin - off became one of the most successful ipos in u.s. history , raising us$ 3 billion .		did the company go under ?		fiorina chaired a us$ 2.5 billion joint venture between lucent 's consumer communications and royal philips electronics ,		how did the merge go ?		lucent added 22,000 jobs and revenues grew from us$ 19 billion to us$ 38 billion and the company 's market		did the merge effect att ?		did the merge between the lucent and royal philips electronics effect att ?
carly fiorina		at&t and lucent		what was her role at at&t ?		in 1980 , fiorina joined at&t as a management trainee ,		did she rise in the company ?		in 1990 , she became the company 's first female officer as senior vice president		what role did she play ine lucent ?		in 1995 , fiorina led corporate operations for lucent technologies , inc. , a spin - off from at&t		did the company thrive ?		the spin - off became one of the most successful ipos in u.s. history , raising us$ 3 billion .		did the company go under ?		fiorina chaired a us$ 2.5 billion joint venture between lucent 's consumer communications and royal philips electronics ,		how did the merge go ?		lucent added 22,000 jobs and revenues grew from us$ 19 billion to us$ 38 billion and the company 's market		did the merge effect att ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to carly fiorina charing a merger between lucent and royal philips electronics , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
carly fiorina		at&t and lucent		what was her role at at&t ?		in 1980 , fiorina joined at&t as a management trainee ,		did she rise in the company ?		in 1990 , she became the company 's first female officer as senior vice president		what role did she play ine lucent ?		in 1995 , fiorina led corporate operations for lucent technologies , inc. , a spin - off from at&t		did the company thrive ?		the spin - off became one of the most successful ipos in u.s. history , raising us$ 3 billion .		did the company go under ?		fiorina chaired a us$ 2.5 billion joint venture between lucent 's consumer communications and royal philips electronics ,		how did the merge go ?		lucent added 22,000 jobs and revenues grew from us$ 19 billion to us$ 38 billion and the company 's market		did the merge effect att ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		october 12 , 1998 , of fortune magazine , fiorina was named " the most powerful woman in american business " .		what gave her that role ?		what gave carly fiorina the title " the most powerful woman in american business " ?
carly fiorina		at&t and lucent		what was her role at at&t ?		in 1980 , fiorina joined at&t as a management trainee ,		did she rise in the company ?		in 1990 , she became the company 's first female officer as senior vice president		what role did she play ine lucent ?		in 1995 , fiorina led corporate operations for lucent technologies , inc. , a spin - off from at&t		did the company thrive ?		the spin - off became one of the most successful ipos in u.s. history , raising us$ 3 billion .		did the company go under ?		fiorina chaired a us$ 2.5 billion joint venture between lucent 's consumer communications and royal philips electronics ,		how did the merge go ?		lucent added 22,000 jobs and revenues grew from us$ 19 billion to us$ 38 billion and the company 's market		did the merge effect att ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		october 12 , 1998 , of fortune magazine , fiorina was named " the most powerful woman in american business " .		what gave her that role ?		fortune magazine ,		did she aid in any other mergings/		in addition to the merger of lucent and royal philips electronics , did carly fiorina aid in any other mergings/
meshuggah		destroy erase improve ( 1995 - 1997 )		what is destroy erase improve ?		what is destroy erase improve ?
meshuggah		destroy erase improve ( 1995 - 1997 )		what is destroy erase improve ?		soundfront		what is a soundfront ?		what is soundfront ?
meshuggah		destroy erase improve ( 1995 - 1997 )		what is destroy erase improve ?		soundfront		what is a soundfront ?		studios		what happened in 1995 ?		what happened to soundfront in 1995 ?
meshuggah		destroy erase improve ( 1995 - 1997 )		what is destroy erase improve ?		soundfront		what is a soundfront ?		studios		what happened in 1995 ?		undertook		undertook what ?		soundfront undertook what ?
porgy and bess		1976 houston grand opera production		how did the 1976 show come to be produced ?		how did the 1976 show porgy and bess come to be produced ?
porgy and bess		1976 houston grand opera production		how did the 1976 show come to be produced ?		a new staging of porgy and bess was produced by the houston grand opera in 1976 under music director john demain ;		who played bess ?		who played bess of the show porgy and bess ?
porgy and bess		1976 houston grand opera production		how did the 1976 show come to be produced ?		a new staging of porgy and bess was produced by the houston grand opera in 1976 under music director john demain ;		who played bess ?		this production 's original cast featured americans leontyne price as bess , william warfield as porgy ,		who else was in the cast ?		besides william warfield and leontyne price , who else was in the cast ?
porgy and bess		1976 houston grand opera production		how did the 1976 show come to be produced ?		a new staging of porgy and bess was produced by the houston grand opera in 1976 under music director john demain ;		who played bess ?		this production 's original cast featured americans leontyne price as bess , william warfield as porgy ,		who else was in the cast ?		cab calloway as sportin ' life , a role that gershwin had composed with him in mind . the role of clara was played by a young maya angelou .		did it get good reviews ?		did porgy and bess get good reviews ?
girls ' generation		lyrics and themes		what was unique about girl generations lyrics or themes ?		what was unique about girl generations lyrics or themes ?
girls ' generation		lyrics and themes		what was unique about girl generations lyrics or themes ?		although most girls ' generation 's releases are written by songwriters for s.m. entertainment , some members occasionally participated in songwriting .		who was some of the girls who did the songwriting ?		who was some of the girls of girls ' generation who did the songwriting ?
girls ' generation		lyrics and themes		what was unique about girl generations lyrics or themes ?		although most girls ' generation 's releases are written by songwriters for s.m. entertainment , some members occasionally participated in songwriting .		who was some of the girls who did the songwriting ?		member yuri wrote the lyrics for " mistake "		what year was the song mistake released ?		what year was the song mistake released ?
girls ' generation		lyrics and themes		what was unique about girl generations lyrics or themes ?		although most girls ' generation 's releases are written by songwriters for s.m. entertainment , some members occasionally participated in songwriting .		who was some of the girls who did the songwriting ?		member yuri wrote the lyrics for " mistake "		what year was the song mistake released ?		2010		what other songs did they write ?		what other songs besides mistake did girls ' generation write ?
girls ' generation		lyrics and themes		what was unique about girl generations lyrics or themes ?		although most girls ' generation 's releases are written by songwriters for s.m. entertainment , some members occasionally participated in songwriting .		who was some of the girls who did the songwriting ?		member yuri wrote the lyrics for " mistake "		what year was the song mistake released ?		2010		what other songs did they write ?		sooyoung penned the lyrics to " how great is your love "		what theme was girl generation known for ?		what theme was girl generation known for ?
girls ' generation		lyrics and themes		what was unique about girl generations lyrics or themes ?		although most girls ' generation 's releases are written by songwriters for s.m. entertainment , some members occasionally participated in songwriting .		who was some of the girls who did the songwriting ?		member yuri wrote the lyrics for " mistake "		what year was the song mistake released ?		2010		what other songs did they write ?		sooyoung penned the lyrics to " how great is your love "		what theme was girl generation known for ?		the group 's main lyrical themes as characterized by chris true from allmusic are " dance party " and " girls night out . "		what other themes was they known for ?		what themes besides " dance party " and " girls night out " were girls ' generation known for ?
girls ' generation		lyrics and themes		what was unique about girl generations lyrics or themes ?		although most girls ' generation 's releases are written by songwriters for s.m. entertainment , some members occasionally participated in songwriting .		who was some of the girls who did the songwriting ?		member yuri wrote the lyrics for " mistake "		what year was the song mistake released ?		2010		what other songs did they write ?		sooyoung penned the lyrics to " how great is your love "		what theme was girl generation known for ?		the group 's main lyrical themes as characterized by chris true from allmusic are " dance party " and " girls night out . "		what other themes was they known for ?		ceejay lee from feminist magazine fem criticized the " generic " themes of korean girl groups		why was they criticized for their theme ?		why were girls ' generation criticized for their theme ?
girls ' generation		lyrics and themes		what was unique about girl generations lyrics or themes ?		although most girls ' generation 's releases are written by songwriters for s.m. entertainment , some members occasionally participated in songwriting .		who was some of the girls who did the songwriting ?		member yuri wrote the lyrics for " mistake "		what year was the song mistake released ?		2010		what other songs did they write ?		sooyoung penned the lyrics to " how great is your love "		what theme was girl generation known for ?		the group 's main lyrical themes as characterized by chris true from allmusic are " dance party " and " girls night out . "		what other themes was they known for ?		ceejay lee from feminist magazine fem criticized the " generic " themes of korean girl groups		why was they criticized for their theme ?		criticized the " generic " themes of korean girl groups like wonder girls or girls ' generation as " sexist " : " [		did they change their look or style after that review ?		did girls ' generation change their look or style after the review from ceejay lee ?
girls ' generation		lyrics and themes		what was unique about girl generations lyrics or themes ?		although most girls ' generation 's releases are written by songwriters for s.m. entertainment , some members occasionally participated in songwriting .		who was some of the girls who did the songwriting ?		member yuri wrote the lyrics for " mistake "		what year was the song mistake released ?		2010		what other songs did they write ?		sooyoung penned the lyrics to " how great is your love "		what theme was girl generation known for ?		the group 's main lyrical themes as characterized by chris true from allmusic are " dance party " and " girls night out . "		what other themes was they known for ?		ceejay lee from feminist magazine fem criticized the " generic " themes of korean girl groups		why was they criticized for their theme ?		criticized the " generic " themes of korean girl groups like wonder girls or girls ' generation as " sexist " : " [		did they change their look or style after that review ?		i do n't know .		what was some more of their song releases ?		what was some more of girls ' generation 's song releases other than mistake and how great is your love ?
girls ' generation		lyrics and themes		what was unique about girl generations lyrics or themes ?		although most girls ' generation 's releases are written by songwriters for s.m. entertainment , some members occasionally participated in songwriting .		who was some of the girls who did the songwriting ?		member yuri wrote the lyrics for " mistake "		what year was the song mistake released ?		2010		what other songs did they write ?		sooyoung penned the lyrics to " how great is your love "		what theme was girl generation known for ?		the group 's main lyrical themes as characterized by chris true from allmusic are " dance party " and " girls night out . "		what other themes was they known for ?		ceejay lee from feminist magazine fem criticized the " generic " themes of korean girl groups		why was they criticized for their theme ?		criticized the " generic " themes of korean girl groups like wonder girls or girls ' generation as " sexist " : " [		did they change their look or style after that review ?		i do n't know .		what was some more of their song releases ?		" the boys "		what other songs did they release ?		besides mistake , how great is your love , and the boys , what other songs did girls ' generation release ?
girls ' generation		lyrics and themes		what was unique about girl generations lyrics or themes ?		although most girls ' generation 's releases are written by songwriters for s.m. entertainment , some members occasionally participated in songwriting .		who was some of the girls who did the songwriting ?		member yuri wrote the lyrics for " mistake "		what year was the song mistake released ?		2010		what other songs did they write ?		sooyoung penned the lyrics to " how great is your love "		what theme was girl generation known for ?		the group 's main lyrical themes as characterized by chris true from allmusic are " dance party " and " girls night out . "		what other themes was they known for ?		ceejay lee from feminist magazine fem criticized the " generic " themes of korean girl groups		why was they criticized for their theme ?		criticized the " generic " themes of korean girl groups like wonder girls or girls ' generation as " sexist " : " [		did they change their look or style after that review ?		i do n't know .		what was some more of their song releases ?		" the boys "		what other songs did they release ?		" what should i do ? " ( eoddeohge ? ) , " fool " ( babo ) , or " i do n't know " ( molra )		what 's some names of other songs that the group members wrote ?		what 's some names of other songs , besides " what should i do ? " ( eoddeohge ? ) , " fool " ( babo ) , and " i do n't know " ( molra ) , that the group members of girls ' generation wrote ?
yui ( singer )		biography		where did she grow up ?		where did yui grow up ?
yui ( singer )		biography		where did she grow up ?		she grew up in a single - parent family , her father leaving her mother when she was three .		what was her childhood like ?		what was yui 's childhood like ?
yui ( singer )		biography		where did she grow up ?		she grew up in a single - parent family , her father leaving her mother when she was three .		what was her childhood like ?		growing up , yui asserted that she had always been close to music ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from yui 's childhood , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
yui ( singer )		biography		where did she grow up ?		she grew up in a single - parent family , her father leaving her mother when she was three .		what was her childhood like ?		growing up , yui asserted that she had always been close to music ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		by the time yui attended high school , she began to write songs ,		did she have any early influences ?		did yui have any early influences ?
paulini		2014-present : come alive , merry christmas , and the bodyguard musical		what was the relationship between paulini and the come alive , merry		what was the relationship between paulini and the come alive , merry
paulini		2014-present : come alive , merry christmas , and the bodyguard musical		what was the relationship between paulini and the come alive , merry		third studio album come alive		which of his work was mentioned in the page ?		which of paulini 's work was mentioned in the page ?
paulini		2014-present : come alive , merry christmas , and the bodyguard musical		what was the relationship between paulini and the come alive , merry		third studio album come alive		which of his work was mentioned in the page ?		paulini 's fourth studio album merry christmas		did he win any award or recognition ?		did paulini win any award or recognition ?
paulini		2014-present : come alive , merry christmas , and the bodyguard musical		what was the relationship between paulini and the come alive , merry		third studio album come alive		which of his work was mentioned in the page ?		paulini 's fourth studio album merry christmas		did he win any award or recognition ?		come alive debuted at number 25 on the aria albums chart		which other names were mentioned on the album ?		besides come alive which other names were mentioned on merry christmas ?
paulini		2014-present : come alive , merry christmas , and the bodyguard musical		what was the relationship between paulini and the come alive , merry		third studio album come alive		which of his work was mentioned in the page ?		paulini 's fourth studio album merry christmas		did he win any award or recognition ?		come alive debuted at number 25 on the aria albums chart		which other names were mentioned on the album ?		" air it all out " as the lead single		who produce the album ?		who produce the album ?
paulini		2014-present : come alive , merry christmas , and the bodyguard musical		what was the relationship between paulini and the come alive , merry		third studio album come alive		which of his work was mentioned in the page ?		paulini 's fourth studio album merry christmas		did he win any award or recognition ?		come alive debuted at number 25 on the aria albums chart		which other names were mentioned on the album ?		" air it all out " as the lead single		who produce the album ?		ambition records and decca records australia .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to merry christmas are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
paulini		2014-present : come alive , merry christmas , and the bodyguard musical		what was the relationship between paulini and the come alive , merry		third studio album come alive		which of his work was mentioned in the page ?		paulini 's fourth studio album merry christmas		did he win any award or recognition ?		come alive debuted at number 25 on the aria albums chart		which other names were mentioned on the album ?		" air it all out " as the lead single		who produce the album ?		ambition records and decca records australia .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		paulini collaborated with the wiggles on the song " do the pretzel "		which other collaborations does she have ?		besides the wiggles which other collaborations does paulini have ?
paulini		personal life		where did paulini grow up ?		where did paulini grow up ?
paulini		personal life		where did paulini grow up ?		she officially became an australian citizen on 21 march 2013		where was she born ?		where was paulini born ?
paulini		personal life		where did paulini grow up ?		she officially became an australian citizen on 21 march 2013		where was she born ?		i do n't know .		did she ever marry ?		did paulini ever marry ?
paulini		personal life		where did paulini grow up ?		she officially became an australian citizen on 21 march 2013		where was she born ?		i do n't know .		did she ever marry ?		i do n't know .		how many siblings did she have ?		how many siblings did paulini have ?
paulini		personal life		where did paulini grow up ?		she officially became an australian citizen on 21 march 2013		where was she born ?		i do n't know .		did she ever marry ?		i do n't know .		how many siblings did she have ?		her sister litia		what were her hobbies ?		what were paulini 's hobbies ?
paulini		personal life		where did paulini grow up ?		she officially became an australian citizen on 21 march 2013		where was she born ?		i do n't know .		did she ever marry ?		i do n't know .		how many siblings did she have ?		her sister litia		what were her hobbies ?		paulini is a supporter of the lgbti community and has a gay following in australia .		is she lgbt herself ?		is paulini lgbt herself ?
paulini		personal life		where did paulini grow up ?		she officially became an australian citizen on 21 march 2013		where was she born ?		i do n't know .		did she ever marry ?		i do n't know .		how many siblings did she have ?		her sister litia		what were her hobbies ?		paulini is a supporter of the lgbti community and has a gay following in australia .		is she lgbt herself ?		i do n't know .		any other aspects of her life you found interesting ?		besides paulini been lgbt , any other aspects of paulini 's life you found interesting ?
the oprah winfrey show		notable guests		what are the notable guests in oprah winfrey show ?		what are the notable guests in the oprah winfrey show ?
the oprah winfrey show		notable guests		what are the notable guests in oprah winfrey show ?		kathy bray		when did the show take place ?		when did the oprah winfrey show hosting kathy bray take place ?
the oprah winfrey show		notable guests		what are the notable guests in oprah winfrey show ?		kathy bray		when did the show take place ?		winfrey interviewed kathy bray three weeks after her 10-year - old son , scott , was accidentally killed by a friend who had found his father 's gun .		was the shooter charged ?		was the shooter charged for accidentally killing kathy bray 's son , scott ?
the oprah winfrey show		notable guests		what are the notable guests in oprah winfrey show ?		kathy bray		when did the show take place ?		winfrey interviewed kathy bray three weeks after her 10-year - old son , scott , was accidentally killed by a friend who had found his father 's gun .		was the shooter charged ?		i do n't know .		which of the show is the biggest ?		which espisode of the oprah winfrey show is the biggest ?
the oprah winfrey show		notable guests		what are the notable guests in oprah winfrey show ?		kathy bray		when did the show take place ?		winfrey interviewed kathy bray three weeks after her 10-year - old son , scott , was accidentally killed by a friend who had found his father 's gun .		was the shooter charged ?		i do n't know .		which of the show is the biggest ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from oprah winfrey 's interview of kathy bray , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
the oprah winfrey show		notable guests		what are the notable guests in oprah winfrey show ?		kathy bray		when did the show take place ?		winfrey interviewed kathy bray three weeks after her 10-year - old son , scott , was accidentally killed by a friend who had found his father 's gun .		was the shooter charged ?		i do n't know .		which of the show is the biggest ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in the 1989 - 90 season , truddi chase -- a woman who was diagnosed with dissociative identity disorder , having 92 distinct personalities -- appeared on the show .		was the show that time a hit or miss ?		was the oprah winfrey 's show featuring truddi chase a hit or miss ?
the oprah winfrey show		notable guests		what are the notable guests in oprah winfrey show ?		kathy bray		when did the show take place ?		winfrey interviewed kathy bray three weeks after her 10-year - old son , scott , was accidentally killed by a friend who had found his father 's gun .		was the shooter charged ?		i do n't know .		which of the show is the biggest ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in the 1989 - 90 season , truddi chase -- a woman who was diagnosed with dissociative identity disorder , having 92 distinct personalities -- appeared on the show .		was the show that time a hit or miss ?		after introducing chase , who was there to promote her book when rabbit howls , winfrey unexpectedly broke down in tears		which other guest in the show was worth mentioning ?		aside from kathy bray and truddi chase , which other guest in the oprah winfrey show was worth mentioning ?
the oprah winfrey show		notable guests		what are the notable guests in oprah winfrey show ?		kathy bray		when did the show take place ?		winfrey interviewed kathy bray three weeks after her 10-year - old son , scott , was accidentally killed by a friend who had found his father 's gun .		was the shooter charged ?		i do n't know .		which of the show is the biggest ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in the 1989 - 90 season , truddi chase -- a woman who was diagnosed with dissociative identity disorder , having 92 distinct personalities -- appeared on the show .		was the show that time a hit or miss ?		after introducing chase , who was there to promote her book when rabbit howls , winfrey unexpectedly broke down in tears		which other guest in the show was worth mentioning ?		erin kramp , a mother dying of breast cancer , appeared on the show in 1998 . after realizing that her six - year - old daughter , peyton , would have to grow up without her ,		what was her role on the show ?		what was erin kramp 's role on the oprah winfrey show ?
the oprah winfrey show		notable guests		what are the notable guests in oprah winfrey show ?		kathy bray		when did the show take place ?		winfrey interviewed kathy bray three weeks after her 10-year - old son , scott , was accidentally killed by a friend who had found his father 's gun .		was the shooter charged ?		i do n't know .		which of the show is the biggest ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in the 1989 - 90 season , truddi chase -- a woman who was diagnosed with dissociative identity disorder , having 92 distinct personalities -- appeared on the show .		was the show that time a hit or miss ?		after introducing chase , who was there to promote her book when rabbit howls , winfrey unexpectedly broke down in tears		which other guest in the show was worth mentioning ?		erin kramp , a mother dying of breast cancer , appeared on the show in 1998 . after realizing that her six - year - old daughter , peyton , would have to grow up without her ,		what was her role on the show ?		kramp began recording videotapes filled with motherly advice on everything from makeup tips to finding a husband . she also wrote letters and bought gifts		which of the show was flawed ?		which episode of the oprah winfrey show was flawed ?
richard wagner		opponents and supporters		who was an opponent of wagner		who was an opponent of richard wagner ?
richard wagner		opponents and supporters		who was an opponent of wagner		like debussy ,		any one else		other than debussy , was any one else an opponent of richard wagner ?
richard wagner		opponents and supporters		who was an opponent of wagner		like debussy ,		any one else		gioachino rossini ,		who supported him		who supported gioachino rossini ?
richard wagner		opponents and supporters		who was an opponent of wagner		like debussy ,		any one else		gioachino rossini ,		who supported him		was positive . for a time , german musical life divided into two factions , supporters of wagner and supporters of johannes brahms ;		was brahms one of his competitors		was brahms one of the competitors with debussy ?
richard wagner		opponents and supporters		who was an opponent of wagner		like debussy ,		any one else		gioachino rossini ,		who supported him		was positive . for a time , german musical life divided into two factions , supporters of wagner and supporters of johannes brahms ;		was brahms one of his competitors		supporters of johannes brahms ; the latter , with the support of the powerful critic eduard hanslick ( of whom beckmesser in		what else can you tell me		other than brahams and edward hanslick what else can you tell me about the opponents of debussy ?
richard wagner		opponents and supporters		who was an opponent of wagner		like debussy ,		any one else		gioachino rossini ,		who supported him		was positive . for a time , german musical life divided into two factions , supporters of wagner and supporters of johannes brahms ;		was brahms one of his competitors		supporters of johannes brahms ; the latter , with the support of the powerful critic eduard hanslick ( of whom beckmesser in		what else can you tell me		wagner 's followers ( known as wagnerians or wagnerites ) have formed many societies dedicated to wagner 's life and work .		what is one of the societies		what is one of the societies wagner 's followers ( known as wagnerians or wagnerites ) formed ?
richard wagner		opponents and supporters		who was an opponent of wagner		like debussy ,		any one else		gioachino rossini ,		who supported him		was positive . for a time , german musical life divided into two factions , supporters of wagner and supporters of johannes brahms ;		was brahms one of his competitors		supporters of johannes brahms ; the latter , with the support of the powerful critic eduard hanslick ( of whom beckmesser in		what else can you tell me		wagner 's followers ( known as wagnerians or wagnerites ) have formed many societies dedicated to wagner 's life and work .		what is one of the societies		i do n't know .		what kind of music did he make		what kind of music did wagner make ?
richard wagner		opponents and supporters		who was an opponent of wagner		like debussy ,		any one else		gioachino rossini ,		who supported him		was positive . for a time , german musical life divided into two factions , supporters of wagner and supporters of johannes brahms ;		was brahms one of his competitors		supporters of johannes brahms ; the latter , with the support of the powerful critic eduard hanslick ( of whom beckmesser in		what else can you tell me		wagner 's followers ( known as wagnerians or wagnerites ) have formed many societies dedicated to wagner 's life and work .		what is one of the societies		i do n't know .		what kind of music did he make		for a time , german musical life		did he work with other people or solo		in addition to german musical life , did wagner work with other people or solo ?
richard wagner		opponents and supporters		who was an opponent of wagner		like debussy ,		any one else		gioachino rossini ,		who supported him		was positive . for a time , german musical life divided into two factions , supporters of wagner and supporters of johannes brahms ;		was brahms one of his competitors		supporters of johannes brahms ; the latter , with the support of the powerful critic eduard hanslick ( of whom beckmesser in		what else can you tell me		wagner 's followers ( known as wagnerians or wagnerites ) have formed many societies dedicated to wagner 's life and work .		what is one of the societies		i do n't know .		what kind of music did he make		for a time , german musical life		did he work with other people or solo		to der fliegende hollander and tannhauser , the preludes to lohengrin and tristan und isolde , and six other extracts from tannhauser		were these included in his supporters		other than german musical life , was tannhauser included in wagner 's supporters ?
richard wagner		opponents and supporters		who was an opponent of wagner		like debussy ,		any one else		gioachino rossini ,		who supported him		was positive . for a time , german musical life divided into two factions , supporters of wagner and supporters of johannes brahms ;		was brahms one of his competitors		supporters of johannes brahms ; the latter , with the support of the powerful critic eduard hanslick ( of whom beckmesser in		what else can you tell me		wagner 's followers ( known as wagnerians or wagnerites ) have formed many societies dedicated to wagner 's life and work .		what is one of the societies		i do n't know .		what kind of music did he make		for a time , german musical life		did he work with other people or solo		to der fliegende hollander and tannhauser , the preludes to lohengrin and tristan und isolde , and six other extracts from tannhauser		were these included in his supporters		they were supported by the conservative leanings of some german music schools , including		what was the school		what was the school which supported the wagnerians ?
richard wagner		opponents and supporters		who was an opponent of wagner		like debussy ,		any one else		gioachino rossini ,		who supported him		was positive . for a time , german musical life divided into two factions , supporters of wagner and supporters of johannes brahms ;		was brahms one of his competitors		supporters of johannes brahms ; the latter , with the support of the powerful critic eduard hanslick ( of whom beckmesser in		what else can you tell me		wagner 's followers ( known as wagnerians or wagnerites ) have formed many societies dedicated to wagner 's life and work .		what is one of the societies		i do n't know .		what kind of music did he make		for a time , german musical life		did he work with other people or solo		to der fliegende hollander and tannhauser , the preludes to lohengrin and tristan und isolde , and six other extracts from tannhauser		were these included in his supporters		they were supported by the conservative leanings of some german music schools , including		what was the school		including the conservatories at leipzig under ignaz moscheles and at cologne under the direction		what countries did he work in		what countries did ignaz moscheles work in ?
richard wagner		opponents and supporters		who was an opponent of wagner		like debussy ,		any one else		gioachino rossini ,		who supported him		was positive . for a time , german musical life divided into two factions , supporters of wagner and supporters of johannes brahms ;		was brahms one of his competitors		supporters of johannes brahms ; the latter , with the support of the powerful critic eduard hanslick ( of whom beckmesser in		what else can you tell me		wagner 's followers ( known as wagnerians or wagnerites ) have formed many societies dedicated to wagner 's life and work .		what is one of the societies		i do n't know .		what kind of music did he make		for a time , german musical life		did he work with other people or solo		to der fliegende hollander and tannhauser , the preludes to lohengrin and tristan und isolde , and six other extracts from tannhauser		were these included in his supporters		they were supported by the conservative leanings of some german music schools , including		what was the school		including the conservatories at leipzig under ignaz moscheles and at cologne under the direction		what countries did he work in		paris concert		were there others		were there other countries ignaz moscheles worked in ?
maria shriver		personal life		is maria married ?		is maria shriver married ?
maria shriver		personal life		is maria married ?		she married schwarzenegger on april 26 , 1986 ,		does she have children ?		does maria shriver have children ?
maria shriver		personal life		is maria married ?		she married schwarzenegger on april 26 , 1986 ,		does she have children ?		they have four children :		who are her children ?		who are maria shrivers children ?
maria shriver		personal life		is maria married ?		she married schwarzenegger on april 26 , 1986 ,		does she have children ?		they have four children :		who are her children ?		katherine eunice ( born 1989 ) , christina maria aurelia ( born 1991 ) , patrick arnold ( born 1993 ) , and christopher sargent shriver ( born 1997 ) .		what does her husband do for a living ?		what does maria shrivers husband do for a living ?
maria shriver		personal life		is maria married ?		she married schwarzenegger on april 26 , 1986 ,		does she have children ?		they have four children :		who are her children ?		katherine eunice ( born 1989 ) , christina maria aurelia ( born 1991 ) , patrick arnold ( born 1993 ) , and christopher sargent shriver ( born 1997 ) .		what does her husband do for a living ?		austrian bodybuilder and actor		how long have they been married ?		how long have maria shriver and schwarzenegger been married ?
maria shriver		personal life		is maria married ?		she married schwarzenegger on april 26 , 1986 ,		does she have children ?		they have four children :		who are her children ?		katherine eunice ( born 1989 ) , christina maria aurelia ( born 1991 ) , patrick arnold ( born 1993 ) , and christopher sargent shriver ( born 1997 ) .		what does her husband do for a living ?		austrian bodybuilder and actor		how long have they been married ?		april 26 , 1986 ,		did they ever divorce ?		did maria shriver and schwarzenegger ever divorce ?
maria shriver		personal life		is maria married ?		she married schwarzenegger on april 26 , 1986 ,		does she have children ?		they have four children :		who are her children ?		katherine eunice ( born 1989 ) , christina maria aurelia ( born 1991 ) , patrick arnold ( born 1993 ) , and christopher sargent shriver ( born 1997 ) .		what does her husband do for a living ?		austrian bodybuilder and actor		how long have they been married ?		april 26 , 1986 ,		did they ever divorce ?		shriver filed for divorce on july 1 , 2011 . citing " irreconcilable differences " .		what caused the filing of the divorce ?		what caused the filing of maria shrivers and schwarzenegger divorce ?
maria shriver		personal life		is maria married ?		she married schwarzenegger on april 26 , 1986 ,		does she have children ?		they have four children :		who are her children ?		katherine eunice ( born 1989 ) , christina maria aurelia ( born 1991 ) , patrick arnold ( born 1993 ) , and christopher sargent shriver ( born 1997 ) .		what does her husband do for a living ?		austrian bodybuilder and actor		how long have they been married ?		april 26 , 1986 ,		did they ever divorce ?		shriver filed for divorce on july 1 , 2011 . citing " irreconcilable differences " .		what caused the filing of the divorce ?		irreconcilable differences " .		what is a noteworthy fact about her personal llfe ?		what is a noteworthy fact about maria shrivers personal llfe ?
maria shriver		personal life		is maria married ?		she married schwarzenegger on april 26 , 1986 ,		does she have children ?		they have four children :		who are her children ?		katherine eunice ( born 1989 ) , christina maria aurelia ( born 1991 ) , patrick arnold ( born 1993 ) , and christopher sargent shriver ( born 1997 ) .		what does her husband do for a living ?		austrian bodybuilder and actor		how long have they been married ?		april 26 , 1986 ,		did they ever divorce ?		shriver filed for divorce on july 1 , 2011 . citing " irreconcilable differences " .		what caused the filing of the divorce ?		irreconcilable differences " .		what is a noteworthy fact about her personal llfe ?		in 2013 , shriver began dating political consultant matthew dowd , the strategist for arnold schwarzenegger 's 2006 reelection campaign .		when did she begin dating him ?		when did maria shriver begin dating political consultant matthew dowd ?
diego maradona		napoli		what is napoli ?		what is napoli ?
diego maradona		napoli		what is napoli ?		maradona arrived in naples and was presented to the world media as a napoli player on 5 july 1984 ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides maradona are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
diego maradona		napoli		what is napoli ?		maradona arrived in naples and was presented to the world media as a napoli player on 5 july 1984 ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		napoli would win their second league title in 1989 - 90 , and finish runners up in the league twice , in 1987 - 88 and 1988 - 89 .		was there any other wins ?		besides winning their second league title in 1989 - 90 was there any other wins ?
diego maradona		napoli		what is napoli ?		maradona arrived in naples and was presented to the world media as a napoli player on 5 july 1984 ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		napoli would win their second league title in 1989 - 90 , and finish runners up in the league twice , in 1987 - 88 and 1988 - 89 .		was there any other wins ?		other honors during the maradona era at napoli included the coppa italia in 1987 ,		can you tell me more about this season ?		can you tell me more about 1989 - 90 ?
diego maradona		napoli		what is napoli ?		maradona arrived in naples and was presented to the world media as a napoli player on 5 july 1984 ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		napoli would win their second league title in 1989 - 90 , and finish runners up in the league twice , in 1987 - 88 and 1988 - 89 .		was there any other wins ?		other honors during the maradona era at napoli included the coppa italia in 1987 ,		can you tell me more about this season ?		at napoli , maradona reached the peak of his professional career :		what happened at the peak of his career ?		what happened at the peak of maradonas 's career ?
diego maradona		napoli		what is napoli ?		maradona arrived in naples and was presented to the world media as a napoli player on 5 july 1984 ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		napoli would win their second league title in 1989 - 90 , and finish runners up in the league twice , in 1987 - 88 and 1988 - 89 .		was there any other wins ?		other honors during the maradona era at napoli included the coppa italia in 1987 ,		can you tell me more about this season ?		at napoli , maradona reached the peak of his professional career :		what happened at the peak of his career ?		napoli would win their second league title in 1989 - 90 , and finish runners up in the league twice , in 1987 - 88 and 1988 - 89 .		how was him as a coach ?		how was maradona as a coach ?
diego maradona		napoli		what is napoli ?		maradona arrived in naples and was presented to the world media as a napoli player on 5 july 1984 ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		napoli would win their second league title in 1989 - 90 , and finish runners up in the league twice , in 1987 - 88 and 1988 - 89 .		was there any other wins ?		other honors during the maradona era at napoli included the coppa italia in 1987 ,		can you tell me more about this season ?		at napoli , maradona reached the peak of his professional career :		what happened at the peak of his career ?		napoli would win their second league title in 1989 - 90 , and finish runners up in the league twice , in 1987 - 88 and 1988 - 89 .		how was him as a coach ?		i do n't know .		why did his problem increase ?		why did maradona problem increase ?
kool g rap		solo career		how many albums did he have in his solo career ?		how many albums did kool g rap have in his solo career ?
kool g rap		solo career		how many albums did he have in his solo career ?		g rap started his solo career with the album 4 , 5 , 6 ,		what were his most famous singles ?		what were kool g rap most famous singles ?
kool g rap		solo career		how many albums did he have in his solo career ?		g rap started his solo career with the album 4 , 5 , 6 ,		what were his most famous singles ?		" my life "		what music awards did he win ?		what music awards did kool g rap win ?
kool g rap		solo career		how many albums did he have in his solo career ?		g rap started his solo career with the album 4 , 5 , 6 ,		what were his most famous singles ?		" my life "		what music awards did he win ?		i do n't know .		what were his record sales like ?		what were kool g rap record sales like ?
todd rundgren		production work , 1970 - 75		what was the first album rundgren produced during this time period ?		what was the first album produced by rundgren ?
todd rundgren		production work , 1970 - 75		what was the first album rundgren produced during this time period ?		his first project for bearsville was a philadelphia band called the american dream ,		when did he work with the american dream ?		when did rundgren work with the album the american dream ?
todd rundgren		production work , 1970 - 75		what was the first album rundgren produced during this time period ?		his first project for bearsville was a philadelphia band called the american dream ,		when did he work with the american dream ?		the early 1970s .		what was the name of the album he produced with the american dream ?		what was the name of the album rundgren produced with the american dream ?
todd rundgren		production work , 1970 - 75		what was the first album rundgren produced during this time period ?		his first project for bearsville was a philadelphia band called the american dream ,		when did he work with the american dream ?		the early 1970s .		what was the name of the album he produced with the american dream ?		i do n't know .		what was his second project for bearsville ?		what was rundgren 's second project for bearsville ?
todd rundgren		production work , 1970 - 75		what was the first album rundgren produced during this time period ?		his first project for bearsville was a philadelphia band called the american dream ,		when did he work with the american dream ?		the early 1970s .		what was the name of the album he produced with the american dream ?		i do n't know .		what was his second project for bearsville ?		followed by a trip to nashville to produce ian and sylvia tyson 's group great speckled bird ,		how did that go ?		how did rundgren 's project for bearsville go ?
todd rundgren		production work , 1970 - 75		what was the first album rundgren produced during this time period ?		his first project for bearsville was a philadelphia band called the american dream ,		when did he work with the american dream ?		the early 1970s .		what was the name of the album he produced with the american dream ?		i do n't know .		what was his second project for bearsville ?		followed by a trip to nashville to produce ian and sylvia tyson 's group great speckled bird ,		how did that go ?		i do n't know .		did he produce outside of bearsville ?		did rundgren produce besides bearsville ?
todd rundgren		production work , 1970 - 75		what was the first album rundgren produced during this time period ?		his first project for bearsville was a philadelphia band called the american dream ,		when did he work with the american dream ?		the early 1970s .		what was the name of the album he produced with the american dream ?		i do n't know .		what was his second project for bearsville ?		followed by a trip to nashville to produce ian and sylvia tyson 's group great speckled bird ,		how did that go ?		i do n't know .		did he produce outside of bearsville ?		rundgren also made an abortive attempt to record with janis joplin		what haulted that album ?		what halted rundgren 's album with janis joplin ?
todd rundgren		production work , 1970 - 75		what was the first album rundgren produced during this time period ?		his first project for bearsville was a philadelphia band called the american dream ,		when did he work with the american dream ?		the early 1970s .		what was the name of the album he produced with the american dream ?		i do n't know .		what was his second project for bearsville ?		followed by a trip to nashville to produce ian and sylvia tyson 's group great speckled bird ,		how did that go ?		i do n't know .		did he produce outside of bearsville ?		rundgren also made an abortive attempt to record with janis joplin		what haulted that album ?		the sessions came to nothing and the project was eventually taken over by paul a. rothchild ;		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides bearsville project , are there any other interesting aspects about rundgren 's work ?
cass elliot		the mamas & the papas		when was the mamas and the papas formed ?		when was the mamas and the papas formed ?
cass elliot		the mamas & the papas		when was the mamas and the papas formed ?		i do n't know .		how was the group formed ?		how was the mamas & the papas formed ?
cass elliot		the mamas & the papas		when was the mamas and the papas formed ?		i do n't know .		how was the group formed ?		we 're all just lying around vegging out watching tv and discussing names for the group .		how did they choose the name ?		how did the mamas & the papas choose the name ?
cass elliot		the mamas & the papas		when was the mamas and the papas formed ?		i do n't know .		how was the group formed ?		we 're all just lying around vegging out watching tv and discussing names for the group .		how did they choose the name ?		" and michelle is going : " we 're the mamas ! we 're the mamas ! " ok . i look at john . he 's looking at me going : " the papas ? " problem solved .		what was their first recording ?		what was the first recording of the mamas & the papas ?
cass elliot		the mamas & the papas		when was the mamas and the papas formed ?		i do n't know .		how was the group formed ?		we 're all just lying around vegging out watching tv and discussing names for the group .		how did they choose the name ?		" and michelle is going : " we 're the mamas ! we 're the mamas ! " ok . i look at john . he 's looking at me going : " the papas ? " problem solved .		what was their first recording ?		i do n't know .		how did that song do on the charts ?		how did the first song of the mamas & the papas do on the charts ?
cass elliot		the mamas & the papas		when was the mamas and the papas formed ?		i do n't know .		how was the group formed ?		we 're all just lying around vegging out watching tv and discussing names for the group .		how did they choose the name ?		" and michelle is going : " we 're the mamas ! we 're the mamas ! " ok . i look at john . he 's looking at me going : " the papas ? " problem solved .		what was their first recording ?		i do n't know .		how did that song do on the charts ?		i do n't know .		what album was that song on ?		what album was the first song of the mamas & the papas on ?
the cult		born into this ( 2007 - 2009 )		what is " born into this ? "		what is " born into this " by the cult ?
the cult		born into this ( 2007 - 2009 )		what is " born into this ? "		their 8th studio album , titled born into this		when was it released ?		when was " born into this " by the cult released ?
the cult		born into this ( 2007 - 2009 )		what is " born into this ? "		their 8th studio album , titled born into this		when was it released ?		16 october ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides " born into this " by the cult , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
the cult		born into this ( 2007 - 2009 )		what is " born into this ? "		their 8th studio album , titled born into this		when was it released ?		16 october ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the band performed a uk and european tour in late - february and early - march 2008 .		how did the album do on the charts ?		how did the album " born into this " do on the charts ?
the cult		born into this ( 2007 - 2009 )		what is " born into this ? "		their 8th studio album , titled born into this		when was it released ?		16 october ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the band performed a uk and european tour in late - february and early - march 2008 .		how did the album do on the charts ?		i do n't know .		did they have any hit tracks ?		did " born into this " by the cult have any hit tracks ?
the cult		born into this ( 2007 - 2009 )		what is " born into this ? "		their 8th studio album , titled born into this		when was it released ?		16 october ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the band performed a uk and european tour in late - february and early - march 2008 .		how did the album do on the charts ?		i do n't know .		did they have any hit tracks ?		then followed the favorites " fire woman " , " lil devil " , " wild flower " , and lastly " love removal machine " .		did they release another album ?		besides the album " born into this " did the cult release another album ?
david cook ( singer )		2008 - 09 : major label debut and david cook		what was the first song released by david cook ?		what was the first song released by david cook ?
david cook ( singer )		2008 - 09 : major label debut and david cook		what was the first song released by david cook ?		the first single released from the album , " light		who owns xix records ?		who owns xix records ?
david cook ( singer )		2008 - 09 : major label debut and david cook		what was the first song released by david cook ?		the first single released from the album , " light		who owns xix records ?		i do n't know .		what season of american idol was david cook on ?		what season of american idol was david cook on ?
david cook ( singer )		2008 - 09 : major label debut and david cook		what was the first song released by david cook ?		the first single released from the album , " light		who owns xix records ?		i do n't know .		what season of american idol was david cook on ?		april 1 , 2009 ,		what do you think is the most interesting fact about david cook ?		what do you think is the most interesting fact about david cook ?
david cook ( singer )		2008 - 09 : major label debut and david cook		what was the first song released by david cook ?		the first single released from the album , " light		who owns xix records ?		i do n't know .		what season of american idol was david cook on ?		april 1 , 2009 ,		what do you think is the most interesting fact about david cook ?		january 23 , 2009 , cook announced he would be embarking on his first headlining national tour ,		what other artists did david cook work with ?		in addition to to his band , what other artists did david cook work with ?
david cook ( singer )		2008 - 09 : major label debut and david cook		what was the first song released by david cook ?		the first single released from the album , " light		who owns xix records ?		i do n't know .		what season of american idol was david cook on ?		april 1 , 2009 ,		what do you think is the most interesting fact about david cook ?		january 23 , 2009 , cook announced he would be embarking on his first headlining national tour ,		what other artists did david cook work with ?		two former bandmates from midwest kings ( mwk ) would join his band , with neal tiemann as the lead guitar player , and andy skib on rhythm guitar and keyboard .		did david cook produce albums for others ?		did david cook produce albums for others ?
david cook ( singer )		2008 - 09 : major label debut and david cook		what was the first song released by david cook ?		the first single released from the album , " light		who owns xix records ?		i do n't know .		what season of american idol was david cook on ?		april 1 , 2009 ,		what do you think is the most interesting fact about david cook ?		january 23 , 2009 , cook announced he would be embarking on his first headlining national tour ,		what other artists did david cook work with ?		two former bandmates from midwest kings ( mwk ) would join his band , with neal tiemann as the lead guitar player , and andy skib on rhythm guitar and keyboard .		did david cook produce albums for others ?		i do n't know .		what was david cook 's first album called ?		what was david cook 's first album called ?
the cult		second reunion ( 2005 - 2007 )		what happened in 2005 ?		what happened with the band the cult in 2005 ?
the cult		second reunion ( 2005 - 2007 )		what happened in 2005 ?		the band reunited to prepare for the return to wild world tour in 2006 ,		what music did they produce ?		what music did the cult produce after their reunion ?
the cult		second reunion ( 2005 - 2007 )		what happened in 2005 ?		the band reunited to prepare for the return to wild world tour in 2006 ,		what music did they produce ?		king contrary man " and " hollow man " , neither of which had been performed since 1987 ; also , " libertine		what did they do for their reunion ?		what did the cult do for their reunion ?
the cult		second reunion ( 2005 - 2007 )		what happened in 2005 ?		the band reunited to prepare for the return to wild world tour in 2006 ,		what music did they produce ?		king contrary man " and " hollow man " , neither of which had been performed since 1987 ; also , " libertine		what did they do for their reunion ?		their first stage show was held in march 2006 in san francisco , california , at the fillmore .		did they tour anywhere else ?		did the cult tour anywhere else besides san francisco , california ?
the cult		second reunion ( 2005 - 2007 )		what happened in 2005 ?		the band reunited to prepare for the return to wild world tour in 2006 ,		what music did they produce ?		king contrary man " and " hollow man " , neither of which had been performed since 1987 ; also , " libertine		what did they do for their reunion ?		their first stage show was held in march 2006 in san francisco , california , at the fillmore .		did they tour anywhere else ?		later that summer , they toured central and eastern europe and played their first concerts in bulgaria , poland and serbia .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the cult touring central and eastern europe , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
the cult		second reunion ( 2005 - 2007 )		what happened in 2005 ?		the band reunited to prepare for the return to wild world tour in 2006 ,		what music did they produce ?		king contrary man " and " hollow man " , neither of which had been performed since 1987 ; also , " libertine		what did they do for their reunion ?		their first stage show was held in march 2006 in san francisco , california , at the fillmore .		did they tour anywhere else ?		later that summer , they toured central and eastern europe and played their first concerts in bulgaria , poland and serbia .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		during these tours , the band occasionally played an extended set , including several songs the band had not performed in decades :		did they play with anyone else ?		did the cult play with together with bands while on their reunion tours ?
albrecht drer		final years in nuremberg ( 1521 - 1528 )		wat happened in 52 ?		what happened between the year 1521 and 1528 ?
albrecht drer		final years in nuremberg ( 1521 - 1528 )		wat happened in 52 ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from the event between 1521 and 1528 , are there other interesting aspects about this article ?
albrecht drer		final years in nuremberg ( 1521 - 1528 )		wat happened in 52 ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		on his return to nuremberg , durer worked on a number of grand projects with religious themes , including a crucifixion scene and a sacra conversazione , though neither was completed .		why were nt they complete ?		why were n't the grand projects of durer completed ?
albrecht drer		final years in nuremberg ( 1521 - 1528 )		wat happened in 52 ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		on his return to nuremberg , durer worked on a number of grand projects with religious themes , including a crucifixion scene and a sacra conversazione , though neither was completed .		why were nt they complete ?		this may have been due in part to his declining health ,		did he ever get better ?		did durer ever get better ?
albrecht drer		final years in nuremberg ( 1521 - 1528 )		wat happened in 52 ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		on his return to nuremberg , durer worked on a number of grand projects with religious themes , including a crucifixion scene and a sacra conversazione , though neither was completed .		why were nt they complete ?		this may have been due in part to his declining health ,		did he ever get better ?		i do n't know .		what happened in 1928 ?		what happened in 1928 ?
cyndi lauper		1996 - 2000 : motherhood and sisters of avalon		what happened in 2000 ?		what happened with cyndi lauper in 2000 ?
cyndi lauper		1996 - 2000 : motherhood and sisters of avalon		what happened in 2000 ?		in 2000 , lauper contributed the song " i want a mom that will last forever " to the children 's movie rugrats in paris .		how did that song do ?		how did " i want a mom that will last forever " do ?
cyndi lauper		1996 - 2000 : motherhood and sisters of avalon		what happened in 2000 ?		in 2000 , lauper contributed the song " i want a mom that will last forever " to the children 's movie rugrats in paris .		how did that song do ?		i do n't know .		when did she become a mother ?		when did cyndi lauper become a mother ?
cyndi lauper		1996 - 2000 : motherhood and sisters of avalon		what happened in 2000 ?		in 2000 , lauper contributed the song " i want a mom that will last forever " to the children 's movie rugrats in paris .		how did that song do ?		i do n't know .		when did she become a mother ?		november 19 , 1997 ,		did she have a boy or girl ?		did cyndi lauper have a boy or girl ?
cyndi lauper		1996 - 2000 : motherhood and sisters of avalon		what happened in 2000 ?		in 2000 , lauper contributed the song " i want a mom that will last forever " to the children 's movie rugrats in paris .		how did that song do ?		i do n't know .		when did she become a mother ?		november 19 , 1997 ,		did she have a boy or girl ?		lauper gave birth to her son declyn wallace thornton .		how did motherhood effect her ?		how did motherhood effect cyndi lauper ?
cyndi lauper		1996 - 2000 : motherhood and sisters of avalon		what happened in 2000 ?		in 2000 , lauper contributed the song " i want a mom that will last forever " to the children 's movie rugrats in paris .		how did that song do ?		i do n't know .		when did she become a mother ?		november 19 , 1997 ,		did she have a boy or girl ?		lauper gave birth to her son declyn wallace thornton .		how did motherhood effect her ?		i do n't know .		what was sisters of avalon ?		what was sisters of avalon ?
cyndi lauper		1996 - 2000 : motherhood and sisters of avalon		what happened in 2000 ?		in 2000 , lauper contributed the song " i want a mom that will last forever " to the children 's movie rugrats in paris .		how did that song do ?		i do n't know .		when did she become a mother ?		november 19 , 1997 ,		did she have a boy or girl ?		lauper gave birth to her son declyn wallace thornton .		how did motherhood effect her ?		i do n't know .		what was sisters of avalon ?		her fifth album , sisters of avalon , was released in japan in 1996 and elsewhere in 1997 .		how did the album do ?		how did the album sisters of avalon do ?
jerry west		college career		tell me some about his college career		tell me some about jerry west 's college career .
jerry west		college career		tell me some about his college career		west graduated from east bank high school in 1956 , and more than 60 universities showed interest in him .		which university did he go to ?		which university did jerry west go to ?
jerry west		college career		tell me some about his college career		west graduated from east bank high school in 1956 , and more than 60 universities showed interest in him .		which university did he go to ?		he eventually chose to stay in his home state and attend west virginia university ( wvu ) , located in morgantown .		did he start playing for them immediately ?		did jerry west start playing for west virginia university immediately upon attending ?
jerry west		college career		tell me some about his college career		west graduated from east bank high school in 1956 , and more than 60 universities showed interest in him .		which university did he go to ?		he eventually chose to stay in his home state and attend west virginia university ( wvu ) , located in morgantown .		did he start playing for them immediately ?		freshman year ( 1956 - 57 ) , west was a member of the wvu freshman squad that achieved a perfect record of 17 wins without a loss		what were his other achievements his first year ?		besides achieving a perfect record of 17 straight wins , what were jerry west 's other achievements his first year at wvu ?
jerry west		college career		tell me some about his college career		west graduated from east bank high school in 1956 , and more than 60 universities showed interest in him .		which university did he go to ?		he eventually chose to stay in his home state and attend west virginia university ( wvu ) , located in morgantown .		did he start playing for them immediately ?		freshman year ( 1956 - 57 ) , west was a member of the wvu freshman squad that achieved a perfect record of 17 wins without a loss		what were his other achievements his first year ?		west scored 17.8 points per game and averaged 11.1 rebounds ; he also started in all 28 games while shooting 49.6 % from the field and 73.2 % from the free throw line .		did he get any wards or accolades that year ?		did jerry west get any awards or accolades his freshman year ?
jerry west		college career		tell me some about his college career		west graduated from east bank high school in 1956 , and more than 60 universities showed interest in him .		which university did he go to ?		he eventually chose to stay in his home state and attend west virginia university ( wvu ) , located in morgantown .		did he start playing for them immediately ?		freshman year ( 1956 - 57 ) , west was a member of the wvu freshman squad that achieved a perfect record of 17 wins without a loss		what were his other achievements his first year ?		west scored 17.8 points per game and averaged 11.1 rebounds ; he also started in all 28 games while shooting 49.6 % from the field and 73.2 % from the free throw line .		did he get any wards or accolades that year ?		these performances earned him a multitude of honors , among them an all - american third team call - up ; first team all - southern conference ;		what other honors did he receive ?		other than the all - american third team call - up and the first team all - southern conference , what other honors did jerry west receive ?
jerry west		college career		tell me some about his college career		west graduated from east bank high school in 1956 , and more than 60 universities showed interest in him .		which university did he go to ?		he eventually chose to stay in his home state and attend west virginia university ( wvu ) , located in morgantown .		did he start playing for them immediately ?		freshman year ( 1956 - 57 ) , west was a member of the wvu freshman squad that achieved a perfect record of 17 wins without a loss		what were his other achievements his first year ?		west scored 17.8 points per game and averaged 11.1 rebounds ; he also started in all 28 games while shooting 49.6 % from the field and 73.2 % from the free throw line .		did he get any wards or accolades that year ?		these performances earned him a multitude of honors , among them an all - american third team call - up ; first team all - southern conference ;		what other honors did he receive ?		southern conference tournament most valuable player award and first team honors ; chuck taylor - converse second - team all - american honors ; and associated press and united press		did they win the season ?		did jerry west 's team win the season ?
jerry west		college career		tell me some about his college career		west graduated from east bank high school in 1956 , and more than 60 universities showed interest in him .		which university did he go to ?		he eventually chose to stay in his home state and attend west virginia university ( wvu ) , located in morgantown .		did he start playing for them immediately ?		freshman year ( 1956 - 57 ) , west was a member of the wvu freshman squad that achieved a perfect record of 17 wins without a loss		what were his other achievements his first year ?		west scored 17.8 points per game and averaged 11.1 rebounds ; he also started in all 28 games while shooting 49.6 % from the field and 73.2 % from the free throw line .		did he get any wards or accolades that year ?		these performances earned him a multitude of honors , among them an all - american third team call - up ; first team all - southern conference ;		what other honors did he receive ?		southern conference tournament most valuable player award and first team honors ; chuck taylor - converse second - team all - american honors ; and associated press and united press		did they win the season ?		the mountaineers went 26 - 2 that year , ending the season with a loss to manhattan college in post - season tournament play .		how did he do the next year ?		how did jerry west do the year after the game with manhattan college ?
jerry west		college career		tell me some about his college career		west graduated from east bank high school in 1956 , and more than 60 universities showed interest in him .		which university did he go to ?		he eventually chose to stay in his home state and attend west virginia university ( wvu ) , located in morgantown .		did he start playing for them immediately ?		freshman year ( 1956 - 57 ) , west was a member of the wvu freshman squad that achieved a perfect record of 17 wins without a loss		what were his other achievements his first year ?		west scored 17.8 points per game and averaged 11.1 rebounds ; he also started in all 28 games while shooting 49.6 % from the field and 73.2 % from the free throw line .		did he get any wards or accolades that year ?		these performances earned him a multitude of honors , among them an all - american third team call - up ; first team all - southern conference ;		what other honors did he receive ?		southern conference tournament most valuable player award and first team honors ; chuck taylor - converse second - team all - american honors ; and associated press and united press		did they win the season ?		the mountaineers went 26 - 2 that year , ending the season with a loss to manhattan college in post - season tournament play .		how did he do the next year ?		during his junior year ( 1958 - 59 ) , west scored 26.6 points per game and grabbed 12.3 rebounds per game .		what teams did they play against in that year ?		what teams did the mountaineers play against in jerry west 's junior year ?
jerry west		coaching and executive career		who did he coach ?		what team did jerry west coach ?
jerry west		coaching and executive career		who did he coach ?		west became coach of the los angeles lakers .		how was he as a coach ?		how did jerry west perform as coach for the los angeles lakers ?
jerry west		coaching and executive career		who did he coach ?		west became coach of the los angeles lakers .		how was he as a coach ?		in three years , he led the lakers and star center kareem abdul - jabbar to a 145 - 101 record , making the playoffs in all 3 seasons and		did he have any other statistics ?		did jerry west have any other achievements as los angeles lakers coach other than leading the lakers to a 145 - 101 record ? ?
jerry west		coaching and executive career		who did he coach ?		west became coach of the los angeles lakers .		how was he as a coach ?		in three years , he led the lakers and star center kareem abdul - jabbar to a 145 - 101 record , making the playoffs in all 3 seasons and		did he have any other statistics ?		reaching the western conference finals once in 1977 .		did he win any awards ?		did jerry west win any awards for coaching the los angeles lakers ?
jerry west		coaching and executive career		who did he coach ?		west became coach of the los angeles lakers .		how was he as a coach ?		in three years , he led the lakers and star center kareem abdul - jabbar to a 145 - 101 record , making the playoffs in all 3 seasons and		did he have any other statistics ?		reaching the western conference finals once in 1977 .		did he win any awards ?		for turning the team around , west received his first executive of the year award .		when did he start his executive career ?		when did jerry west start his executive career ?
jerry west		coaching and executive career		who did he coach ?		west became coach of the los angeles lakers .		how was he as a coach ?		in three years , he led the lakers and star center kareem abdul - jabbar to a 145 - 101 record , making the playoffs in all 3 seasons and		did he have any other statistics ?		reaching the western conference finals once in 1977 .		did he win any awards ?		for turning the team around , west received his first executive of the year award .		when did he start his executive career ?		after his coaching stint , he worked as a scout for three years before becoming general manager of the lakers prior to the 1982 - 83 season .		how did he do as general manager ?		how did jerry west perform as general manager ?
jerry west		coaching and executive career		who did he coach ?		west became coach of the los angeles lakers .		how was he as a coach ?		in three years , he led the lakers and star center kareem abdul - jabbar to a 145 - 101 record , making the playoffs in all 3 seasons and		did he have any other statistics ?		reaching the western conference finals once in 1977 .		did he win any awards ?		for turning the team around , west received his first executive of the year award .		when did he start his executive career ?		after his coaching stint , he worked as a scout for three years before becoming general manager of the lakers prior to the 1982 - 83 season .		how did he do as general manager ?		for turning the team around , west received his first executive of the year award .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article other than jerry west 's coaching and executive career with the los angeles lakers ?
jerry west		coaching and executive career		who did he coach ?		west became coach of the los angeles lakers .		how was he as a coach ?		in three years , he led the lakers and star center kareem abdul - jabbar to a 145 - 101 record , making the playoffs in all 3 seasons and		did he have any other statistics ?		reaching the western conference finals once in 1977 .		did he win any awards ?		for turning the team around , west received his first executive of the year award .		when did he start his executive career ?		after his coaching stint , he worked as a scout for three years before becoming general manager of the lakers prior to the 1982 - 83 season .		how did he do as general manager ?		for turning the team around , west received his first executive of the year award .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 2002 , west became general manager of the memphis grizzlies . he explained his decision		what was his decision ?		why did jerry west decide to become general manager of the memphis grizzlies ?
gregory hemingway		middle years		what happened in his middle years ?		what happened in hemingway 's middle years ?
gregory hemingway		middle years		what happened in his middle years ?		in the course of his first four marriages , gregory hemingway had eight children :		do we know why he had so many marriages ?		do we know why hemingway had so many marriages ?
gregory hemingway		middle years		what happened in his middle years ?		in the course of his first four marriages , gregory hemingway had eight children :		do we know why he had so many marriages ?		gregory 's fourth marriage , to ida mae galliher , ended in divorce in 1995 after three years , though they continued to live together and remarried in 1997 .		why did they divorce ?		why did hemingway and ida mae galliher divorce ?
gregory hemingway		middle years		what happened in his middle years ?		in the course of his first four marriages , gregory hemingway had eight children :		do we know why he had so many marriages ?		gregory 's fourth marriage , to ida mae galliher , ended in divorce in 1995 after three years , though they continued to live together and remarried in 1997 .		why did they divorce ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides hemingway 's and ida mae galliher divorce are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
gregory hemingway		middle years		what happened in his middle years ?		in the course of his first four marriages , gregory hemingway had eight children :		do we know why he had so many marriages ?		gregory 's fourth marriage , to ida mae galliher , ended in divorce in 1995 after three years , though they continued to live together and remarried in 1997 .		why did they divorce ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		brave		what is brave ?		what is brave ?
gregory hemingway		middle years		what happened in his middle years ?		in the course of his first four marriages , gregory hemingway had eight children :		do we know why he had so many marriages ?		gregory 's fourth marriage , to ida mae galliher , ended in divorce in 1995 after three years , though they continued to live together and remarried in 1997 .		why did they divorce ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		brave		what is brave ?		maia rodman , hemingway 's childhood tennis coach and a family friend who had fallen in love with him , dedicated her book the life and death of a brave bull to gregory .		did he have any other notable mentions ?		besides having eight children did hemingway have any other notable mentions ?
gregory hemingway		middle years		what happened in his middle years ?		in the course of his first four marriages , gregory hemingway had eight children :		do we know why he had so many marriages ?		gregory 's fourth marriage , to ida mae galliher , ended in divorce in 1995 after three years , though they continued to live together and remarried in 1997 .		why did they divorce ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		brave		what is brave ?		maia rodman , hemingway 's childhood tennis coach and a family friend who had fallen in love with him , dedicated her book the life and death of a brave bull to gregory .		did he have any other notable mentions ?		he practiced medicine in the 1970s and 1980s , first in new york and then as a rural family doctor in montana ,		where did he go to medical school ?		where did hemingway go to medical school ?
gregory hemingway		middle years		what happened in his middle years ?		in the course of his first four marriages , gregory hemingway had eight children :		do we know why he had so many marriages ?		gregory 's fourth marriage , to ida mae galliher , ended in divorce in 1995 after three years , though they continued to live together and remarried in 1997 .		why did they divorce ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		brave		what is brave ?		maia rodman , hemingway 's childhood tennis coach and a family friend who had fallen in love with him , dedicated her book the life and death of a brave bull to gregory .		did he have any other notable mentions ?		he practiced medicine in the 1970s and 1980s , first in new york and then as a rural family doctor in montana ,		where did he go to medical school ?		i do n't know .		what other things did he do with his life ?		aside from practicing medicine what other things did hemingway do with his life ?
gregory hemingway		middle years		what happened in his middle years ?		in the course of his first four marriages , gregory hemingway had eight children :		do we know why he had so many marriages ?		gregory 's fourth marriage , to ida mae galliher , ended in divorce in 1995 after three years , though they continued to live together and remarried in 1997 .		why did they divorce ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		brave		what is brave ?		maia rodman , hemingway 's childhood tennis coach and a family friend who had fallen in love with him , dedicated her book the life and death of a brave bull to gregory .		did he have any other notable mentions ?		he practiced medicine in the 1970s and 1980s , first in new york and then as a rural family doctor in montana ,		where did he go to medical school ?		i do n't know .		what other things did he do with his life ?		authorities in montana declined to renew hemingway 's medical license		why did that happen ?		why did authorities in montana declined to renew hemingway 's medical license ?
gregory hemingway		middle years		what happened in his middle years ?		in the course of his first four marriages , gregory hemingway had eight children :		do we know why he had so many marriages ?		gregory 's fourth marriage , to ida mae galliher , ended in divorce in 1995 after three years , though they continued to live together and remarried in 1997 .		why did they divorce ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		brave		what is brave ?		maia rodman , hemingway 's childhood tennis coach and a family friend who had fallen in love with him , dedicated her book the life and death of a brave bull to gregory .		did he have any other notable mentions ?		he practiced medicine in the 1970s and 1980s , first in new york and then as a rural family doctor in montana ,		where did he go to medical school ?		i do n't know .		what other things did he do with his life ?		authorities in montana declined to renew hemingway 's medical license		why did that happen ?		because of his alcoholism . hemingway battled bipolar disorder , alcoholism , and drug abuse for many years .		did he ever get help for that ?		did hemingway ever get help for alcoholism ?
the sweet		initial success and rise to fame		how did they initially get started		how did the sweet initially get started ?
the sweet		initial success and rise to fame		how did they initially get started		guitarist mick stewart joined in 1969 . stewart had some rock pedigree , having previously worked with the ( ealing ) redcaps		who else is in the group		aside from guitarist mick stewart , who else is in the sweet ?
the sweet		initial success and rise to fame		how did they initially get started		guitarist mick stewart joined in 1969 . stewart had some rock pedigree , having previously worked with the ( ealing ) redcaps		who else is in the group		in late 1965 , that band became the phil wainman set when the future sweet producer joined on drums and the group cut some singles with errol dixon .		were there any other members		aside from guitarist mick stewart and errol dixon , were there any other members of the sweet ?
the sweet		initial success and rise to fame		how did they initially get started		guitarist mick stewart joined in 1969 . stewart had some rock pedigree , having previously worked with the ( ealing ) redcaps		who else is in the group		in late 1965 , that band became the phil wainman set when the future sweet producer joined on drums and the group cut some singles with errol dixon .		were there any other members		stewart then quit , and was not replaced for some time . connolly and tucker had a chance meeting with wainman , who was now producing , and knew of two aspiring songwriters ,		what did the band first produce		what did the sweet first produce ?
the sweet		initial success and rise to fame		how did they initially get started		guitarist mick stewart joined in 1969 . stewart had some rock pedigree , having previously worked with the ( ealing ) redcaps		who else is in the group		in late 1965 , that band became the phil wainman set when the future sweet producer joined on drums and the group cut some singles with errol dixon .		were there any other members		stewart then quit , and was not replaced for some time . connolly and tucker had a chance meeting with wainman , who was now producing , and knew of two aspiring songwriters ,		what did the band first produce		the sweet signed a new record contract with emi 's parlophone label . three bubblegum pop singles were released : " lollipop man " ( september 1969 ) , "		were they popular		were the sweet popular ?
the sweet		initial success and rise to fame		how did they initially get started		guitarist mick stewart joined in 1969 . stewart had some rock pedigree , having previously worked with the ( ealing ) redcaps		who else is in the group		in late 1965 , that band became the phil wainman set when the future sweet producer joined on drums and the group cut some singles with errol dixon .		were there any other members		stewart then quit , and was not replaced for some time . connolly and tucker had a chance meeting with wainman , who was now producing , and knew of two aspiring songwriters ,		what did the band first produce		the sweet signed a new record contract with emi 's parlophone label . three bubblegum pop singles were released : " lollipop man " ( september 1969 ) , "		were they popular		all of which failed to chart .		did they write some more songs		did the sweet write some more songs aside from the three bubblegum pop singles in 1969 ?
the sweet		initial success and rise to fame		how did they initially get started		guitarist mick stewart joined in 1969 . stewart had some rock pedigree , having previously worked with the ( ealing ) redcaps		who else is in the group		in late 1965 , that band became the phil wainman set when the future sweet producer joined on drums and the group cut some singles with errol dixon .		were there any other members		stewart then quit , and was not replaced for some time . connolly and tucker had a chance meeting with wainman , who was now producing , and knew of two aspiring songwriters ,		what did the band first produce		the sweet signed a new record contract with emi 's parlophone label . three bubblegum pop singles were released : " lollipop man " ( september 1969 ) , "		were they popular		all of which failed to chart .		did they write some more songs		connolly , priest and tucker provided the vocals on a track called " funny funny " which featured pip williams on guitar , john roberts on bass and wainman on drums .		was that track a hit		was the song " funny funny " a hit ?
the sweet		initial success and rise to fame		how did they initially get started		guitarist mick stewart joined in 1969 . stewart had some rock pedigree , having previously worked with the ( ealing ) redcaps		who else is in the group		in late 1965 , that band became the phil wainman set when the future sweet producer joined on drums and the group cut some singles with errol dixon .		were there any other members		stewart then quit , and was not replaced for some time . connolly and tucker had a chance meeting with wainman , who was now producing , and knew of two aspiring songwriters ,		what did the band first produce		the sweet signed a new record contract with emi 's parlophone label . three bubblegum pop singles were released : " lollipop man " ( september 1969 ) , "		were they popular		all of which failed to chart .		did they write some more songs		connolly , priest and tucker provided the vocals on a track called " funny funny " which featured pip williams on guitar , john roberts on bass and wainman on drums .		was that track a hit		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from the sweets first hits , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
the sweet		initial success and rise to fame		how did they initially get started		guitarist mick stewart joined in 1969 . stewart had some rock pedigree , having previously worked with the ( ealing ) redcaps		who else is in the group		in late 1965 , that band became the phil wainman set when the future sweet producer joined on drums and the group cut some singles with errol dixon .		were there any other members		stewart then quit , and was not replaced for some time . connolly and tucker had a chance meeting with wainman , who was now producing , and knew of two aspiring songwriters ,		what did the band first produce		the sweet signed a new record contract with emi 's parlophone label . three bubblegum pop singles were released : " lollipop man " ( september 1969 ) , "		were they popular		all of which failed to chart .		did they write some more songs		connolly , priest and tucker provided the vocals on a track called " funny funny " which featured pip williams on guitar , john roberts on bass and wainman on drums .		was that track a hit		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the sweet initially attempted to combine various musical influences ,		what types of influences		what types of influences did the sweets combine ?
the sweet		initial success and rise to fame		how did they initially get started		guitarist mick stewart joined in 1969 . stewart had some rock pedigree , having previously worked with the ( ealing ) redcaps		who else is in the group		in late 1965 , that band became the phil wainman set when the future sweet producer joined on drums and the group cut some singles with errol dixon .		were there any other members		stewart then quit , and was not replaced for some time . connolly and tucker had a chance meeting with wainman , who was now producing , and knew of two aspiring songwriters ,		what did the band first produce		the sweet signed a new record contract with emi 's parlophone label . three bubblegum pop singles were released : " lollipop man " ( september 1969 ) , "		were they popular		all of which failed to chart .		did they write some more songs		connolly , priest and tucker provided the vocals on a track called " funny funny " which featured pip williams on guitar , john roberts on bass and wainman on drums .		was that track a hit		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the sweet initially attempted to combine various musical influences ,		what types of influences		including the monkees and 1960s bubblegum pop groups such as the archies , with more heavy rock - oriented groups such as the who .		did they succeed in combining the influences		did the sweets succeed in combining influences from the monkees , the archies and the who ?
the sweet		initial success and rise to fame		how did they initially get started		guitarist mick stewart joined in 1969 . stewart had some rock pedigree , having previously worked with the ( ealing ) redcaps		who else is in the group		in late 1965 , that band became the phil wainman set when the future sweet producer joined on drums and the group cut some singles with errol dixon .		were there any other members		stewart then quit , and was not replaced for some time . connolly and tucker had a chance meeting with wainman , who was now producing , and knew of two aspiring songwriters ,		what did the band first produce		the sweet signed a new record contract with emi 's parlophone label . three bubblegum pop singles were released : " lollipop man " ( september 1969 ) , "		were they popular		all of which failed to chart .		did they write some more songs		connolly , priest and tucker provided the vocals on a track called " funny funny " which featured pip williams on guitar , john roberts on bass and wainman on drums .		was that track a hit		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the sweet initially attempted to combine various musical influences ,		what types of influences		including the monkees and 1960s bubblegum pop groups such as the archies , with more heavy rock - oriented groups such as the who .		did they succeed in combining the influences		this fusion of pop and hard rock would remain a central trademark of sweet 's music and prefigured the glam metal of a few years later .		did they win awards		did the sweets win awards ?
charlie macartney		first - class debut		what was his first - class debut ?		what was macartney 's first - class debut ?
charlie macartney		first - class debut		what was his first - class debut ?		and he made his first class debut for new south wales against queensland at the start of the 1905 - 06 season .		who did he play for ?		who did macartney play for ?
charlie macartney		first - class debut		what was his first - class debut ?		and he made his first class debut for new south wales against queensland at the start of the 1905 - 06 season .		who did he play for ?		new south wales		did he do well in the game ?		did macartney do well in the game ?
charlie macartney		first - class debut		what was his first - class debut ?		and he made his first class debut for new south wales against queensland at the start of the 1905 - 06 season .		who did he play for ?		new south wales		did he do well in the game ?		he made 56 in new south wales ' first innings of 691 , and after not bowling in the first innings , he took 3/80 and his first catch in an innings victory .		was this the start of his debut ?		was the 1905 - 06 season the start of macartney 's debut ?
charlie macartney		first - class debut		what was his first - class debut ?		and he made his first class debut for new south wales against queensland at the start of the 1905 - 06 season .		who did he play for ?		new south wales		did he do well in the game ?		he made 56 in new south wales ' first innings of 691 , and after not bowling in the first innings , he took 3/80 and his first catch in an innings victory .		was this the start of his debut ?		new south wales were victorious in the remaining five fixtures . he scored 185 runs at 26.43 and took 15 wickets at 28.20 in six matches .		how many seasons was he able to play or was the debut his only one ?		how many seasons was macartney able to play or was the debut macartney 's only one ?
charlie macartney		first - class debut		what was his first - class debut ?		and he made his first class debut for new south wales against queensland at the start of the 1905 - 06 season .		who did he play for ?		new south wales		did he do well in the game ?		he made 56 in new south wales ' first innings of 691 , and after not bowling in the first innings , he took 3/80 and his first catch in an innings victory .		was this the start of his debut ?		new south wales were victorious in the remaining five fixtures . he scored 185 runs at 26.43 and took 15 wickets at 28.20 in six matches .		how many seasons was he able to play or was the debut his only one ?		macartney continued his rise with a more productive and consistent second season with both the ball and bat .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides macartney 's debur are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
bob feller		later life		what was he doing in his later life ?		what was bob feller doing in his later life ?
bob feller		later life		what was he doing in his later life ?		feller was elected the inaugural president of the major league baseball players ' association in 1956 .		what did he do as president of the association ?		what did bob feller do as president of the major league baseball players ' association ?
bob feller		later life		what was he doing in his later life ?		feller was elected the inaugural president of the major league baseball players ' association in 1956 .		what did he do as president of the association ?		as president , he appeared before congress to speak about baseball 's reserve clause .		what other things was he doing ?		aside from president of the major league baseball players ' association , what other things was bob feller doing ?
bob feller		later life		what was he doing in his later life ?		feller was elected the inaugural president of the major league baseball players ' association in 1956 .		what did he do as president of the association ?		as president , he appeared before congress to speak about baseball 's reserve clause .		what other things was he doing ?		feller was the first player to get a franchise to agree to a share of game receipts when he was the starting pitcher for indians ' games .		was the the first to do anything else ?		was bob feller the first to do anything else aside from getting a franchise to accept a share of game receipts ? ?
bob feller		later life		what was he doing in his later life ?		feller was elected the inaugural president of the major league baseball players ' association in 1956 .		what did he do as president of the association ?		as president , he appeared before congress to speak about baseball 's reserve clause .		what other things was he doing ?		feller was the first player to get a franchise to agree to a share of game receipts when he was the starting pitcher for indians ' games .		was the the first to do anything else ?		he was also the earliest player to incorporate himself ( as ro - fel , inc. ) .		did he have other firsts ?		did bob feller have other firsts aside from being the first player to incorporate ?
bob feller		later life		what was he doing in his later life ?		feller was elected the inaugural president of the major league baseball players ' association in 1956 .		what did he do as president of the association ?		as president , he appeared before congress to speak about baseball 's reserve clause .		what other things was he doing ?		feller was the first player to get a franchise to agree to a share of game receipts when he was the starting pitcher for indians ' games .		was the the first to do anything else ?		he was also the earliest player to incorporate himself ( as ro - fel , inc. ) .		did he have other firsts ?		he was also one of the first players to work for the right of a player to enter free agency .		what other things were going on in his later life ?		aside from incorporating , being president of the mlb association , and his work with free agency , what else did bob feller 's do in his later life ?
bob feller		later life		what was he doing in his later life ?		feller was elected the inaugural president of the major league baseball players ' association in 1956 .		what did he do as president of the association ?		as president , he appeared before congress to speak about baseball 's reserve clause .		what other things was he doing ?		feller was the first player to get a franchise to agree to a share of game receipts when he was the starting pitcher for indians ' games .		was the the first to do anything else ?		he was also the earliest player to incorporate himself ( as ro - fel , inc. ) .		did he have other firsts ?		he was also one of the first players to work for the right of a player to enter free agency .		what other things were going on in his later life ?		feller and his wife , virginia winther , had three sons , steve , martin , and bruce .		was he married for many years ?		was bob feller married for many years ?
bob feller		later life		what was he doing in his later life ?		feller was elected the inaugural president of the major league baseball players ' association in 1956 .		what did he do as president of the association ?		as president , he appeared before congress to speak about baseball 's reserve clause .		what other things was he doing ?		feller was the first player to get a franchise to agree to a share of game receipts when he was the starting pitcher for indians ' games .		was the the first to do anything else ?		he was also the earliest player to incorporate himself ( as ro - fel , inc. ) .		did he have other firsts ?		he was also one of the first players to work for the right of a player to enter free agency .		what other things were going on in his later life ?		feller and his wife , virginia winther , had three sons , steve , martin , and bruce .		was he married for many years ?		the couple divorced in 1971 ; from the divorce settlement , virginia received the house she and feller had built .		did he re - marry ?		did bob feller re - marry ?
bob feller		later life		what was he doing in his later life ?		feller was elected the inaugural president of the major league baseball players ' association in 1956 .		what did he do as president of the association ?		as president , he appeared before congress to speak about baseball 's reserve clause .		what other things was he doing ?		feller was the first player to get a franchise to agree to a share of game receipts when he was the starting pitcher for indians ' games .		was the the first to do anything else ?		he was also the earliest player to incorporate himself ( as ro - fel , inc. ) .		did he have other firsts ?		he was also one of the first players to work for the right of a player to enter free agency .		what other things were going on in his later life ?		feller and his wife , virginia winther , had three sons , steve , martin , and bruce .		was he married for many years ?		the couple divorced in 1971 ; from the divorce settlement , virginia received the house she and feller had built .		did he re - marry ?		in retirement , feller lived with his second wife , anne feller , in gates mills , a suburb of cleveland .		did he continue working ?		did bob feller continue working after retirement ?
catherine zeta - jones		1998 - 2000 : hollywood breakthrough and success		what happened in 1998 ?		what happened in 1998 in the life of catherine zeta - jones ?
catherine zeta - jones		1998 - 2000 : hollywood breakthrough and success		what happened in 1998 ?		steven spielberg took notice of zeta - jones in titanic and recommended her to martin campbell , who was directing the mask of zorro ( 1998 ) for spielberg 's production company .		what happened after he recommended her ?		what happened after steven spielberg recommended catherine zeta - jones ?
catherine zeta - jones		1998 - 2000 : hollywood breakthrough and success		what happened in 1998 ?		steven spielberg took notice of zeta - jones in titanic and recommended her to martin campbell , who was directing the mask of zorro ( 1998 ) for spielberg 's production company .		what happened after he recommended her ?		campbell cast her as the leading lady in favour of izabella scorupco , who was his original choice for the part .		did she win any awards ?		did catherine zeta - jones win any awards in the mask of zorro ?
catherine zeta - jones		1998 - 2000 : hollywood breakthrough and success		what happened in 1998 ?		steven spielberg took notice of zeta - jones in titanic and recommended her to martin campbell , who was directing the mask of zorro ( 1998 ) for spielberg 's production company .		what happened after he recommended her ?		campbell cast her as the leading lady in favour of izabella scorupco , who was his original choice for the part .		did she win any awards ?		the role proved to be a breakthrough for her and she was nominated for the mtv movie award for best breakthrough performance .		what happened after her nomination ?		what happened after catherine zeta - jones nomination for the mtv movie award for best breakthrough performance . ?
catherine zeta - jones		1998 - 2000 : hollywood breakthrough and success		what happened in 1998 ?		steven spielberg took notice of zeta - jones in titanic and recommended her to martin campbell , who was directing the mask of zorro ( 1998 ) for spielberg 's production company .		what happened after he recommended her ?		campbell cast her as the leading lady in favour of izabella scorupco , who was his original choice for the part .		did she win any awards ?		the role proved to be a breakthrough for her and she was nominated for the mtv movie award for best breakthrough performance .		what happened after her nomination ?		zeta - jones ' first release of 1999 was the heist film entrapment ,		was it a success ?		was the heist film entrapment a success ?
catherine zeta - jones		1998 - 2000 : hollywood breakthrough and success		what happened in 1998 ?		steven spielberg took notice of zeta - jones in titanic and recommended her to martin campbell , who was directing the mask of zorro ( 1998 ) for spielberg 's production company .		what happened after he recommended her ?		campbell cast her as the leading lady in favour of izabella scorupco , who was his original choice for the part .		did she win any awards ?		the role proved to be a breakthrough for her and she was nominated for the mtv movie award for best breakthrough performance .		what happened after her nomination ?		zeta - jones ' first release of 1999 was the heist film entrapment ,		was it a success ?		despite a negative critical reception , the film was a commercial success ;		what happened in 2000 ?		what happened in 2000 in the career of catherine zeta - jones ?
catherine zeta - jones		1998 - 2000 : hollywood breakthrough and success		what happened in 1998 ?		steven spielberg took notice of zeta - jones in titanic and recommended her to martin campbell , who was directing the mask of zorro ( 1998 ) for spielberg 's production company .		what happened after he recommended her ?		campbell cast her as the leading lady in favour of izabella scorupco , who was his original choice for the part .		did she win any awards ?		the role proved to be a breakthrough for her and she was nominated for the mtv movie award for best breakthrough performance .		what happened after her nomination ?		zeta - jones ' first release of 1999 was the heist film entrapment ,		was it a success ?		despite a negative critical reception , the film was a commercial success ;		what happened in 2000 ?		after taking the supporting part of star john cusack 's romantic interest in the comedy - drama high fidelity ( 2000 ) , zeta - jones starred in steven soderbergh 's traffic ( 2000 ) .		was this one a success ?		was steven soderbergh 's traffic a success ?
catherine zeta - jones		1998 - 2000 : hollywood breakthrough and success		what happened in 1998 ?		steven spielberg took notice of zeta - jones in titanic and recommended her to martin campbell , who was directing the mask of zorro ( 1998 ) for spielberg 's production company .		what happened after he recommended her ?		campbell cast her as the leading lady in favour of izabella scorupco , who was his original choice for the part .		did she win any awards ?		the role proved to be a breakthrough for her and she was nominated for the mtv movie award for best breakthrough performance .		what happened after her nomination ?		zeta - jones ' first release of 1999 was the heist film entrapment ,		was it a success ?		despite a negative critical reception , the film was a commercial success ;		what happened in 2000 ?		after taking the supporting part of star john cusack 's romantic interest in the comedy - drama high fidelity ( 2000 ) , zeta - jones starred in steven soderbergh 's traffic ( 2000 ) .		was this one a success ?		highly profitable at the box office and critically acclaimed , traffic was described by the dallas observer as " a remarkable achievement in filmmaking , a beautiful and brutal work " .		what happened after this ?		what happened after the success of traffic ?
catherine zeta - jones		1998 - 2000 : hollywood breakthrough and success		what happened in 1998 ?		steven spielberg took notice of zeta - jones in titanic and recommended her to martin campbell , who was directing the mask of zorro ( 1998 ) for spielberg 's production company .		what happened after he recommended her ?		campbell cast her as the leading lady in favour of izabella scorupco , who was his original choice for the part .		did she win any awards ?		the role proved to be a breakthrough for her and she was nominated for the mtv movie award for best breakthrough performance .		what happened after her nomination ?		zeta - jones ' first release of 1999 was the heist film entrapment ,		was it a success ?		despite a negative critical reception , the film was a commercial success ;		what happened in 2000 ?		after taking the supporting part of star john cusack 's romantic interest in the comedy - drama high fidelity ( 2000 ) , zeta - jones starred in steven soderbergh 's traffic ( 2000 ) .		was this one a success ?		highly profitable at the box office and critically acclaimed , traffic was described by the dallas observer as " a remarkable achievement in filmmaking , a beautiful and brutal work " .		what happened after this ?		the ensemble of traffic won the sag award for outstanding cast		is there anything else interesting ?		is there anything else interesting about traffic besides its box office success and awards ?
catherine zeta - jones		1998 - 2000 : hollywood breakthrough and success		what happened in 1998 ?		steven spielberg took notice of zeta - jones in titanic and recommended her to martin campbell , who was directing the mask of zorro ( 1998 ) for spielberg 's production company .		what happened after he recommended her ?		campbell cast her as the leading lady in favour of izabella scorupco , who was his original choice for the part .		did she win any awards ?		the role proved to be a breakthrough for her and she was nominated for the mtv movie award for best breakthrough performance .		what happened after her nomination ?		zeta - jones ' first release of 1999 was the heist film entrapment ,		was it a success ?		despite a negative critical reception , the film was a commercial success ;		what happened in 2000 ?		after taking the supporting part of star john cusack 's romantic interest in the comedy - drama high fidelity ( 2000 ) , zeta - jones starred in steven soderbergh 's traffic ( 2000 ) .		was this one a success ?		highly profitable at the box office and critically acclaimed , traffic was described by the dallas observer as " a remarkable achievement in filmmaking , a beautiful and brutal work " .		what happened after this ?		the ensemble of traffic won the sag award for outstanding cast		is there anything else interesting ?		filming the action and dance sequences while wearing heavy corsets in the humid mexican desert proved to be a challenge for zeta - jones , but she found the experience " worth suffering for " .		did she have any other experiences ?		did zeta - jones have any other experiences in addition to the filming in the humid mexican desert ? ?
catherine zeta - jones		1998 - 2000 : hollywood breakthrough and success		what happened in 1998 ?		steven spielberg took notice of zeta - jones in titanic and recommended her to martin campbell , who was directing the mask of zorro ( 1998 ) for spielberg 's production company .		what happened after he recommended her ?		campbell cast her as the leading lady in favour of izabella scorupco , who was his original choice for the part .		did she win any awards ?		the role proved to be a breakthrough for her and she was nominated for the mtv movie award for best breakthrough performance .		what happened after her nomination ?		zeta - jones ' first release of 1999 was the heist film entrapment ,		was it a success ?		despite a negative critical reception , the film was a commercial success ;		what happened in 2000 ?		after taking the supporting part of star john cusack 's romantic interest in the comedy - drama high fidelity ( 2000 ) , zeta - jones starred in steven soderbergh 's traffic ( 2000 ) .		was this one a success ?		highly profitable at the box office and critically acclaimed , traffic was described by the dallas observer as " a remarkable achievement in filmmaking , a beautiful and brutal work " .		what happened after this ?		the ensemble of traffic won the sag award for outstanding cast		is there anything else interesting ?		filming the action and dance sequences while wearing heavy corsets in the humid mexican desert proved to be a challenge for zeta - jones , but she found the experience " worth suffering for " .		did she have any other experiences ?		in a scathing review , the critic mick lasalle wrote that " zeta - jones seems less an actress and more a pretty face , and not an interesting one at that " .		how did she respond to that ?		how did zeta - jones respond to the scathing review of the critic mick lasalle ?
ghulam ishaq khan		minister of finance ( 1977 - 85 )		who was the minister of finance ?		who was the minister of finance ?
ghulam ishaq khan		minister of finance ( 1977 - 85 )		who was the minister of finance ?		khan		what was khans job between 77 and 85 ?		what was khans job between 77 and 85 ?
ghulam ishaq khan		minister of finance ( 1977 - 85 )		who was the minister of finance ?		khan		what was khans job between 77 and 85 ?		in 1977 , khan played a crucial role in the event of stabilizing chief of army staff general zia - ul - haq ,		did he fight in war ?		did ghulam ishaq khan fight in war ?
ghulam ishaq khan		minister of finance ( 1977 - 85 )		who was the minister of finance ?		khan		what was khans job between 77 and 85 ?		in 1977 , khan played a crucial role in the event of stabilizing chief of army staff general zia - ul - haq ,		did he fight in war ?		i do n't know .		what country was he in ?		what country was ghulam ishaq khan in ?
ghulam ishaq khan		minister of finance ( 1977 - 85 )		who was the minister of finance ?		khan		what was khans job between 77 and 85 ?		in 1977 , khan played a crucial role in the event of stabilizing chief of army staff general zia - ul - haq ,		did he fight in war ?		i do n't know .		what country was he in ?		helping pakistan 's economy		did he have any accomplishments during this time ?		did ghulam ishaq khan have any accomplishments during 1977 - 85 ?
ghulam ishaq khan		minister of finance ( 1977 - 85 )		who was the minister of finance ?		khan		what was khans job between 77 and 85 ?		in 1977 , khan played a crucial role in the event of stabilizing chief of army staff general zia - ul - haq ,		did he fight in war ?		i do n't know .		what country was he in ?		helping pakistan 's economy		did he have any accomplishments during this time ?		his policies and economic expertise ultimately resulted in the improvement in gdp and gnp progress ,		what was his stance on war ?		what was ghulam ishaq khan 's stance on war ?
ghulam ishaq khan		minister of finance ( 1977 - 85 )		who was the minister of finance ?		khan		what was khans job between 77 and 85 ?		in 1977 , khan played a crucial role in the event of stabilizing chief of army staff general zia - ul - haq ,		did he fight in war ?		i do n't know .		what country was he in ?		helping pakistan 's economy		did he have any accomplishments during this time ?		his policies and economic expertise ultimately resulted in the improvement in gdp and gnp progress ,		what was his stance on war ?		i do n't know .		did he have any other job titles during this time ?		did ghulam ishaq khan have any other job titles other than minister of finance during 1977 - 85 ?
boris yeltsin		privatization and the rise of " the oligarchs "		what were the oligarchs		what were the oligarchs during privatization under boris yeltsin .
boris yeltsin		privatization and the rise of " the oligarchs "		what were the oligarchs		giveaways of valuable state assets to a small group of tycoons in finance , industry , energy , telecommunications , and the media who came to be known as " oligarchs		what did privatization have to do with it ?		what did privatization have to do with the rise of the oligarchs under boris yeltsin ?
boris yeltsin		privatization and the rise of " the oligarchs "		what were the oligarchs		giveaways of valuable state assets to a small group of tycoons in finance , industry , energy , telecommunications , and the media who came to be known as " oligarchs		what did privatization have to do with it ?		following the dissolution of the soviet union , yeltsin promoted privatization as a way of spreading ownership of shares in former state enterprises		why did he do this		why did boris yeltsin promote privatization as a way of spreading ownership of shares in former state enterprises ?
boris yeltsin		privatization and the rise of " the oligarchs "		what were the oligarchs		giveaways of valuable state assets to a small group of tycoons in finance , industry , energy , telecommunications , and the media who came to be known as " oligarchs		what did privatization have to do with it ?		following the dissolution of the soviet union , yeltsin promoted privatization as a way of spreading ownership of shares in former state enterprises		why did he do this		to create political support for his economic reforms .		was he successful ?		was boris yeltsin successful in creating political support for his economic reforms ?
boris yeltsin		privatization and the rise of " the oligarchs "		what were the oligarchs		giveaways of valuable state assets to a small group of tycoons in finance , industry , energy , telecommunications , and the media who came to be known as " oligarchs		what did privatization have to do with it ?		following the dissolution of the soviet union , yeltsin promoted privatization as a way of spreading ownership of shares in former state enterprises		why did he do this		to create political support for his economic reforms .		was he successful ?		' in the early 1990s , anatoly chubais , yeltsin 's deputy for economic policy , emerged as a leading advocate of privatization in russia .		what role did the oligarchs play		what role did the oligarchs play in the privatization in russia ?
boris yeltsin		privatization and the rise of " the oligarchs "		what were the oligarchs		giveaways of valuable state assets to a small group of tycoons in finance , industry , energy , telecommunications , and the media who came to be known as " oligarchs		what did privatization have to do with it ?		following the dissolution of the soviet union , yeltsin promoted privatization as a way of spreading ownership of shares in former state enterprises		why did he do this		to create political support for his economic reforms .		was he successful ?		' in the early 1990s , anatoly chubais , yeltsin 's deputy for economic policy , emerged as a leading advocate of privatization in russia .		what role did the oligarchs play		in late 1992 , yeltsin launched a program of free vouchers as a way to give mass privatization a jump - start . under the program ,		is there anything else you found interesting ?		besides yeltsin 's program of free vouchers , is there anything else you found interesting about boris yeltsin , privatization and the rise of the oligarchs ? ?
massive attack		ritual spirit ep , new album , and the return of tricky		when was ritual spirit ep released ?		when was ritual spirit ep released by massive attack ?
massive attack		ritual spirit ep , new album , and the return of tricky		when was ritual spirit ep released ?		on 28 january 2016 , massive attack released a new ep , ritual spirit ,		what was the result of this release ?		what was the result of therelease of ritual spirit ep by massive attack ?
massive attack		ritual spirit ep , new album , and the return of tricky		when was ritual spirit ep released ?		on 28 january 2016 , massive attack released a new ep , ritual spirit ,		what was the result of this release ?		i do n't know .		did it win any awards ?		did ritual spirit ep by massive attack win any awards ?
massive attack		ritual spirit ep , new album , and the return of tricky		when was ritual spirit ep released ?		on 28 january 2016 , massive attack released a new ep , ritual spirit ,		what was the result of this release ?		i do n't know .		did it win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what happened after this release ?		what happened after the release of ritual spirit ep by massive attack ?
massive attack		ritual spirit ep , new album , and the return of tricky		when was ritual spirit ep released ?		on 28 january 2016 , massive attack released a new ep , ritual spirit ,		what was the result of this release ?		i do n't know .		did it win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what happened after this release ?		on 26 july 2016 , massive attack previewed three new songs : " come near me " , " the spoils " , and " dear friend " on fantom , an iphone application		was this successful ?		was the preview of three new songs on fantom by massive attack successful ?
massive attack		ritual spirit ep , new album , and the return of tricky		when was ritual spirit ep released ?		on 28 january 2016 , massive attack released a new ep , ritual spirit ,		what was the result of this release ?		i do n't know .		did it win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what happened after this release ?		on 26 july 2016 , massive attack previewed three new songs : " come near me " , " the spoils " , and " dear friend " on fantom , an iphone application		was this successful ?		i do n't know .		what was the return of tricky ?		what was the return of tricky to massive attack ?
massive attack		ritual spirit ep , new album , and the return of tricky		when was ritual spirit ep released ?		on 28 january 2016 , massive attack released a new ep , ritual spirit ,		what was the result of this release ?		i do n't know .		did it win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what happened after this release ?		on 26 july 2016 , massive attack previewed three new songs : " come near me " , " the spoils " , and " dear friend " on fantom , an iphone application		was this successful ?		i do n't know .		what was the return of tricky ?		del naja confirmed that not only was a new massive attack album in the works , but that rumours of a reunion with tricky were true .		when did this take place ?		when did the new massive attack album and reunion with tricky take place ?
paul weston		early years and work		what was paul 's early life like ?		what was paul weston 's early life like ?
paul weston		early years and work		what was paul 's early life like ?		his parents were both interested in music , and when paul sr taught at a private girls ' school ,		what was paul 's first job ?		what was paul weston 's first job ?
paul weston		early years and work		what was paul 's early life like ?		his parents were both interested in music , and when paul sr taught at a private girls ' school ,		what was paul 's first job ?		unable to be active in a band , he started doing music arranging as a way to keep some involvement with music while convalescing .		when did paul get his big break ?		when did paul weston get a big break ?
paul weston		early years and work		what was paul 's early life like ?		his parents were both interested in music , and when paul sr taught at a private girls ' school ,		what was paul 's first job ?		unable to be active in a band , he started doing music arranging as a way to keep some involvement with music while convalescing .		when did paul get his big break ?		when he returned to new york in the fall of 1934 , he made his first sale of his work to joe haymes .		what work did he sell ?		what work did paul westin sell ?
paul weston		early years and work		what was paul 's early life like ?		his parents were both interested in music , and when paul sr taught at a private girls ' school ,		what was paul 's first job ?		unable to be active in a band , he started doing music arranging as a way to keep some involvement with music while convalescing .		when did paul get his big break ?		when he returned to new york in the fall of 1934 , he made his first sale of his work to joe haymes .		what work did he sell ?		i do n't know .		what are some other interesting aspects of this article ?		what are some other interesting aspects about paul weston in addition to this article ?
paul weston		early years and work		what was paul 's early life like ?		his parents were both interested in music , and when paul sr taught at a private girls ' school ,		what was paul 's first job ?		unable to be active in a band , he started doing music arranging as a way to keep some involvement with music while convalescing .		when did paul get his big break ?		when he returned to new york in the fall of 1934 , he made his first sale of his work to joe haymes .		what work did he sell ?		i do n't know .		what are some other interesting aspects of this article ?		he changed his name from wetstein to weston after his arrival in california .		why did he change his name ?		why did paul westin change his name ?
paul weston		early years and work		what was paul 's early life like ?		his parents were both interested in music , and when paul sr taught at a private girls ' school ,		what was paul 's first job ?		unable to be active in a band , he started doing music arranging as a way to keep some involvement with music while convalescing .		when did paul get his big break ?		when he returned to new york in the fall of 1934 , he made his first sale of his work to joe haymes .		what work did he sell ?		i do n't know .		what are some other interesting aspects of this article ?		he changed his name from wetstein to weston after his arrival in california .		why did he change his name ?		i do n't know .		what film work did he do ?		what film work did paul westin do ?
marching band		high step		what is high step ?		what is marching band high step ?
marching band		high step		what is high step ?		hbcu bands utilize the traditional " ankle - knee " high step and music selections are largely based on r&b , hip - hop , and contemporary popular music .		what else did they utilize in band ?		what else did hbcu bands utilize in marching band , other than the " ankle - knee " high step ?
marching band		high step		what is high step ?		hbcu bands utilize the traditional " ankle - knee " high step and music selections are largely based on r&b , hip - hop , and contemporary popular music .		what else did they utilize in band ?		in addition to traditional drill formations , hbcu bands feature heavily choreographed dance routines as part of their performances .		what are some other traditional drill formations ?		what are some other traditional drill formations , other than high step ?
marching band		high step		what is high step ?		hbcu bands utilize the traditional " ankle - knee " high step and music selections are largely based on r&b , hip - hop , and contemporary popular music .		what else did they utilize in band ?		in addition to traditional drill formations , hbcu bands feature heavily choreographed dance routines as part of their performances .		what are some other traditional drill formations ?		many of these bands may have a twirler line and/or a dancer line , but not necessarily flag twirlers .		what else does the line consist of in the band ?		what else does the line consist of in the marching band , other than high step ?
marching band		high step		what is high step ?		hbcu bands utilize the traditional " ankle - knee " high step and music selections are largely based on r&b , hip - hop , and contemporary popular music .		what else did they utilize in band ?		in addition to traditional drill formations , hbcu bands feature heavily choreographed dance routines as part of their performances .		what are some other traditional drill formations ?		many of these bands may have a twirler line and/or a dancer line , but not necessarily flag twirlers .		what else does the line consist of in the band ?		most show bands of either type include the traditional military band instrumentation of woodwinds , brass , and battery percussion .		what is some things they do in their performances ?		what is some things marching bands do in their performances ?
marching band		high step		what is high step ?		hbcu bands utilize the traditional " ankle - knee " high step and music selections are largely based on r&b , hip - hop , and contemporary popular music .		what else did they utilize in band ?		in addition to traditional drill formations , hbcu bands feature heavily choreographed dance routines as part of their performances .		what are some other traditional drill formations ?		many of these bands may have a twirler line and/or a dancer line , but not necessarily flag twirlers .		what else does the line consist of in the band ?		most show bands of either type include the traditional military band instrumentation of woodwinds , brass , and battery percussion .		what is some things they do in their performances ?		may also incorporate the use of a color guard for flag , and rifle routines as well as a dance line .		are there other incorporation 's they may have ?		are there other incorporation 's marching bands may have , other than high step ?
marching band		high step		what is high step ?		hbcu bands utilize the traditional " ankle - knee " high step and music selections are largely based on r&b , hip - hop , and contemporary popular music .		what else did they utilize in band ?		in addition to traditional drill formations , hbcu bands feature heavily choreographed dance routines as part of their performances .		what are some other traditional drill formations ?		many of these bands may have a twirler line and/or a dancer line , but not necessarily flag twirlers .		what else does the line consist of in the band ?		most show bands of either type include the traditional military band instrumentation of woodwinds , brass , and battery percussion .		what is some things they do in their performances ?		may also incorporate the use of a color guard for flag , and rifle routines as well as a dance line .		are there other incorporation 's they may have ?		many bands have auxiliaries that add a visual component to the performance .		what other significant things do the bands do during shows ?		what other significant things do the marching bands do during shows , other than high step ?
marching band		high step		what is high step ?		hbcu bands utilize the traditional " ankle - knee " high step and music selections are largely based on r&b , hip - hop , and contemporary popular music .		what else did they utilize in band ?		in addition to traditional drill formations , hbcu bands feature heavily choreographed dance routines as part of their performances .		what are some other traditional drill formations ?		many of these bands may have a twirler line and/or a dancer line , but not necessarily flag twirlers .		what else does the line consist of in the band ?		most show bands of either type include the traditional military band instrumentation of woodwinds , brass , and battery percussion .		what is some things they do in their performances ?		may also incorporate the use of a color guard for flag , and rifle routines as well as a dance line .		are there other incorporation 's they may have ?		many bands have auxiliaries that add a visual component to the performance .		what other significant things do the bands do during shows ?		another style of show band is that used by many of the big ten conference marching bands , a semi - military and semi - corps style .		what sound or style of music do they play for shows ?		what sound or style of music do marching bands play for shows ?
joe diffie		2001 - 2004 : in another world and tougher than nails		which album did he release first from the two ?		which album did joe diffie release first : in another world or tougher than nails ?
joe diffie		2001 - 2004 : in another world and tougher than nails		which album did he release first from the two ?		in another world .		what year was it released ?		what year was the album in another world released ?
joe diffie		2001 - 2004 : in another world and tougher than nails		which album did he release first from the two ?		in another world .		what year was it released ?		2001 ,		what songs were featured ?		what songs were featured in joe diffie 's album titled in another world ?
joe diffie		2001 - 2004 : in another world and tougher than nails		which album did he release first from the two ?		in another world .		what year was it released ?		2001 ,		what songs were featured ?		this pretender		what other songs can be found on the another world album ?		what other songs can be found on the another world album other than the pretender ?
joe diffie		2001 - 2004 : in another world and tougher than nails		which album did he release first from the two ?		in another world .		what year was it released ?		2001 ,		what songs were featured ?		this pretender		what other songs can be found on the another world album ?		the album 's title track		did the album top any charts ?		did the joe diffie 's album " in another world " top any charts ?
joe diffie		2001 - 2004 : in another world and tougher than nails		which album did he release first from the two ?		in another world .		what year was it released ?		2001 ,		what songs were featured ?		this pretender		what other songs can be found on the another world album ?		the album 's title track		did the album top any charts ?		the country charts and number 66 on the hot 100 .		when was tougher than nails released ?		when was tougher than nails album released ?
joe diffie		2001 - 2004 : in another world and tougher than nails		which album did he release first from the two ?		in another world .		what year was it released ?		2001 ,		what songs were featured ?		this pretender		what other songs can be found on the another world album ?		the album 's title track		did the album top any charts ?		the country charts and number 66 on the hot 100 .		when was tougher than nails released ?		2003 .		did it top any charts ?		did tougher than nails top any charts ?
joe diffie		2001 - 2004 : in another world and tougher than nails		which album did he release first from the two ?		in another world .		what year was it released ?		2001 ,		what songs were featured ?		this pretender		what other songs can be found on the another world album ?		the album 's title track		did the album top any charts ?		the country charts and number 66 on the hot 100 .		when was tougher than nails released ?		2003 .		did it top any charts ?		top 20 hit		what songs were featured ?		what songs were featured in joe diffie 's " tougher than nails " ?
sanctus real		history		when was the band formed ?		when was sanctus real formed ?
sanctus real		history		when was the band formed ?		in 1996 ,		who were the founding members ?		who were the founding members of sanctus real ?
sanctus real		history		when was the band formed ?		in 1996 ,		who were the founding members ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman		how did they get their start ?		how did sanctus real get their start ?
sanctus real		history		when was the band formed ?		in 1996 ,		who were the founding members ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman		how did they get their start ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman when they were both tenth graders attending toledo christian school in ohio .		what was one of their first songs ?		what was one of sanctus real 's first songs ?
sanctus real		history		when was the band formed ?		in 1996 ,		who were the founding members ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman		how did they get their start ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman when they were both tenth graders attending toledo christian school in ohio .		what was one of their first songs ?		they released a six - track demo tape in august 1997 , and a five - track ep titled all this talk of aliens in january 1998 .		did they tour ?		did sanctus real tour ?
sanctus real		history		when was the band formed ?		in 1996 ,		who were the founding members ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman		how did they get their start ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman when they were both tenth graders attending toledo christian school in ohio .		what was one of their first songs ?		they released a six - track demo tape in august 1997 , and a five - track ep titled all this talk of aliens in january 1998 .		did they tour ?		sanctus real toured areas of the united states ,		how were they portrayed in the media ?		how were sanctus real portrayed in the media ?
sanctus real		history		when was the band formed ?		in 1996 ,		who were the founding members ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman		how did they get their start ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman when they were both tenth graders attending toledo christian school in ohio .		what was one of their first songs ?		they released a six - track demo tape in august 1997 , and a five - track ep titled all this talk of aliens in january 1998 .		did they tour ?		sanctus real toured areas of the united states ,		how were they portrayed in the media ?		i do n't know .		were their songs successful ?		were sanctus real 's songs successful ?
sanctus real		history		when was the band formed ?		in 1996 ,		who were the founding members ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman		how did they get their start ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman when they were both tenth graders attending toledo christian school in ohio .		what was one of their first songs ?		they released a six - track demo tape in august 1997 , and a five - track ep titled all this talk of aliens in january 1998 .		did they tour ?		sanctus real toured areas of the united states ,		how were they portrayed in the media ?		i do n't know .		were their songs successful ?		sanctus real 's full - length studio album message for the masses was released		did they sign with a record label ?		did sanctus real sign with a record label ?
sanctus real		history		when was the band formed ?		in 1996 ,		who were the founding members ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman		how did they get their start ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman when they were both tenth graders attending toledo christian school in ohio .		what was one of their first songs ?		they released a six - track demo tape in august 1997 , and a five - track ep titled all this talk of aliens in january 1998 .		did they tour ?		sanctus real toured areas of the united states ,		how were they portrayed in the media ?		i do n't know .		were their songs successful ?		sanctus real 's full - length studio album message for the masses was released		did they sign with a record label ?		following message for the masses , which was recorded in a garage , the band made plans to record tracks at a major studio .		did they add any additional members to the band ?		did sanctus real add any additional members to the band ?
sanctus real		history		when was the band formed ?		in 1996 ,		who were the founding members ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman		how did they get their start ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman when they were both tenth graders attending toledo christian school in ohio .		what was one of their first songs ?		they released a six - track demo tape in august 1997 , and a five - track ep titled all this talk of aliens in january 1998 .		did they tour ?		sanctus real toured areas of the united states ,		how were they portrayed in the media ?		i do n't know .		were their songs successful ?		sanctus real 's full - length studio album message for the masses was released		did they sign with a record label ?		following message for the masses , which was recorded in a garage , the band made plans to record tracks at a major studio .		did they add any additional members to the band ?		drummer mark graalman and bassist matt kollar soon joined ,		what was their biggest hit song ?		what was sanctus real 's biggest hit song ?
sanctus real		history		when was the band formed ?		in 1996 ,		who were the founding members ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman		how did they get their start ?		lead singer and guitarist matt hammitt met guitarist chris rohman when they were both tenth graders attending toledo christian school in ohio .		what was one of their first songs ?		they released a six - track demo tape in august 1997 , and a five - track ep titled all this talk of aliens in january 1998 .		did they tour ?		sanctus real toured areas of the united states ,		how were they portrayed in the media ?		i do n't know .		were their songs successful ?		sanctus real 's full - length studio album message for the masses was released		did they sign with a record label ?		following message for the masses , which was recorded in a garage , the band made plans to record tracks at a major studio .		did they add any additional members to the band ?		drummer mark graalman and bassist matt kollar soon joined ,		what was their biggest hit song ?		i do n't know .		did they have a song that was on the charts ?		did sanctus real have a song that was on the charts ?
jimmy greaves		west ham united		what sport did the main character play ?		what sport did the jimmy greaves play ?
jimmy greaves		west ham united		what sport did the main character play ?		footballer		what was the last team he played for ?		what was the last team jimmy greaves played for ?
jimmy greaves		west ham united		what sport did the main character play ?		footballer		what was the last team he played for ?		west ham .		did jimmy like attending west ham ?		did jimmy greaves like attending west ham united ?
jimmy greaves		west ham united		what sport did the main character play ?		footballer		what was the last team he played for ?		west ham .		did jimmy like attending west ham ?		the west ham team in which he was playing was not good enough .		what year did jimmy quit the bees ?		what year did jimmy greaves quit the bees ?
jimmy greaves		west ham united		what sport did the main character play ?		footballer		what was the last team he played for ?		west ham .		did jimmy like attending west ham ?		the west ham team in which he was playing was not good enough .		what year did jimmy quit the bees ?		i do n't know .		did jimmy learn a lesson at west ham united ?		did jimmy greaves learn a lesson at west ham united ?
jimmy greaves		west ham united		what sport did the main character play ?		footballer		what was the last team he played for ?		west ham .		did jimmy like attending west ham ?		the west ham team in which he was playing was not good enough .		what year did jimmy quit the bees ?		i do n't know .		did jimmy learn a lesson at west ham united ?		greaves later admitted his regret		does jimmy like attending west ham united ?		does jimmy greaves like attending west ham united ?
jimmy greaves		west ham united		what sport did the main character play ?		footballer		what was the last team he played for ?		west ham .		did jimmy like attending west ham ?		the west ham team in which he was playing was not good enough .		what year did jimmy quit the bees ?		i do n't know .		did jimmy learn a lesson at west ham united ?		greaves later admitted his regret		does jimmy like attending west ham united ?		admitted his regret in making the move to upton park .		why did jimmy leave west ham at first ?		why did jimmy greaves leave west ham at first ?
jimmy greaves		west ham united		what sport did the main character play ?		footballer		what was the last team he played for ?		west ham .		did jimmy like attending west ham ?		the west ham team in which he was playing was not good enough .		what year did jimmy quit the bees ?		i do n't know .		did jimmy learn a lesson at west ham united ?		greaves later admitted his regret		does jimmy like attending west ham united ?		admitted his regret in making the move to upton park .		why did jimmy leave west ham at first ?		i do n't know .		did jimmy retire from west ham united ?		did jimmy greaves retire from west ham united ?
gulzar		lyricist		which songs did gulzar write ?		which songs did gulzar write ?
gulzar		lyricist		which songs did gulzar write ?		" mora gora ang layle " ,		who was the singer of this song ?		who was the singer of mora gora ang layle ?
gulzar		lyricist		which songs did gulzar write ?		" mora gora ang layle " ,		who was the singer of this song ?		lata mangeshkar .		who else is a singer that sang lyrics by gulzar ?		in addition to lata mangeshkar , who else is a singer that sang lyrics by gulzar ?
gulzar		lyricist		which songs did gulzar write ?		" mora gora ang layle " ,		who was the singer of this song ?		lata mangeshkar .		who else is a singer that sang lyrics by gulzar ?		rekha bhardwaj		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides gulzar 's lyrics , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
gulzar		lyricist		which songs did gulzar write ?		" mora gora ang layle " ,		who was the singer of this song ?		lata mangeshkar .		who else is a singer that sang lyrics by gulzar ?		rekha bhardwaj		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		song lyrics and poems written by gulzar gave the poetic attribute and the " much - needed additional dimension " to ashok kumar 's role in the film .		which film is that ?		which film did song lyrics and poems written by gulzar give the poetic attribute to ?
gulzar		lyricist		which songs did gulzar write ?		" mora gora ang layle " ,		who was the singer of this song ?		lata mangeshkar .		who else is a singer that sang lyrics by gulzar ?		rekha bhardwaj		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		song lyrics and poems written by gulzar gave the poetic attribute and the " much - needed additional dimension " to ashok kumar 's role in the film .		which film is that ?		the 1968 film aashirwad		who was the director of aashirwad ?		who was the director of aashirwad ?
gulzar		lyricist		which songs did gulzar write ?		" mora gora ang layle " ,		who was the singer of this song ?		lata mangeshkar .		who else is a singer that sang lyrics by gulzar ?		rekha bhardwaj		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		song lyrics and poems written by gulzar gave the poetic attribute and the " much - needed additional dimension " to ashok kumar 's role in the film .		which film is that ?		the 1968 film aashirwad		who was the director of aashirwad ?		directed and produced by hrishikesh mukherjee ,		who is the director he worked with the most as a lyricist ?		who is the director gulzar worked with the most as a lyricist ?
gulzar		lyricist		which songs did gulzar write ?		" mora gora ang layle " ,		who was the singer of this song ?		lata mangeshkar .		who else is a singer that sang lyrics by gulzar ?		rekha bhardwaj		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		song lyrics and poems written by gulzar gave the poetic attribute and the " much - needed additional dimension " to ashok kumar 's role in the film .		which film is that ?		the 1968 film aashirwad		who was the director of aashirwad ?		directed and produced by hrishikesh mukherjee ,		who is the director he worked with the most as a lyricist ?		rahul dev burman .		can you name some of the movies who worked as a lyricist on ?		can you name some of the movies where gulzar worked as a lyricist on ?
billy graham		discussion of jews with president nixon		what did billy graham say to nixon about the jews ?		what did billy graham say to nixon about the jews ?
billy graham		discussion of jews with president nixon		what did billy graham say to nixon about the jews ?		graham agreed with nixon that jews control the american media , calling it a " stranglehold " during a 1972 conversation with nixon ,		what did graham think that nixon should do ?		what did graham think that nixon should do ?
billy graham		discussion of jews with president nixon		what did billy graham say to nixon about the jews ?		graham agreed with nixon that jews control the american media , calling it a " stranglehold " during a 1972 conversation with nixon ,		what did graham think that nixon should do ?		suggesting that if nixon was re - elected , they might be able to do something about it .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than graham agreeing and suggesting to nixon , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
billy graham		discussion of jews with president nixon		what did billy graham say to nixon about the jews ?		graham agreed with nixon that jews control the american media , calling it a " stranglehold " during a 1972 conversation with nixon ,		what did graham think that nixon should do ?		suggesting that if nixon was re - elected , they might be able to do something about it .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		when the tapes were made public , graham apologized		what was the reaction to graham 's words ?		what was the reaction to graham 's words ?
billy graham		discussion of jews with president nixon		what did billy graham say to nixon about the jews ?		graham agreed with nixon that jews control the american media , calling it a " stranglehold " during a 1972 conversation with nixon ,		what did graham think that nixon should do ?		suggesting that if nixon was re - elected , they might be able to do something about it .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		when the tapes were made public , graham apologized		what was the reaction to graham 's words ?		graham apologized and said , " although i have no memory of the occasion , i deeply regret comments i apparently made in an oval office conversation with president nixon		what criticisms were made of graham ?		what criticisms were made of graham ?
billy graham		discussion of jews with president nixon		what did billy graham say to nixon about the jews ?		graham agreed with nixon that jews control the american media , calling it a " stranglehold " during a 1972 conversation with nixon ,		what did graham think that nixon should do ?		suggesting that if nixon was re - elected , they might be able to do something about it .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		when the tapes were made public , graham apologized		what was the reaction to graham 's words ?		graham apologized and said , " although i have no memory of the occasion , i deeply regret comments i apparently made in an oval office conversation with president nixon		what criticisms were made of graham ?		" [ t]he shock of the revelation was magnified because of graham 's longtime support of israel and his refusal to join in calls for conversion of the jews . "		what consequences did graham suffer as a result ?		what consequences did graham suffer as a result of the revelation ?
billy graham		discussion of jews with president nixon		what did billy graham say to nixon about the jews ?		graham agreed with nixon that jews control the american media , calling it a " stranglehold " during a 1972 conversation with nixon ,		what did graham think that nixon should do ?		suggesting that if nixon was re - elected , they might be able to do something about it .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		when the tapes were made public , graham apologized		what was the reaction to graham 's words ?		graham apologized and said , " although i have no memory of the occasion , i deeply regret comments i apparently made in an oval office conversation with president nixon		what criticisms were made of graham ?		" [ t]he shock of the revelation was magnified because of graham 's longtime support of israel and his refusal to join in calls for conversion of the jews . "		what consequences did graham suffer as a result ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the criticisms made of graham , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
billy graham		discussion of jews with president nixon		what did billy graham say to nixon about the jews ?		graham agreed with nixon that jews control the american media , calling it a " stranglehold " during a 1972 conversation with nixon ,		what did graham think that nixon should do ?		suggesting that if nixon was re - elected , they might be able to do something about it .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		when the tapes were made public , graham apologized		what was the reaction to graham 's words ?		graham apologized and said , " although i have no memory of the occasion , i deeply regret comments i apparently made in an oval office conversation with president nixon		what criticisms were made of graham ?		" [ t]he shock of the revelation was magnified because of graham 's longtime support of israel and his refusal to join in calls for conversion of the jews . "		what consequences did graham suffer as a result ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 2009 , more nixon tapes were released , in which graham is heard in a 1973 conversation with nixon referring to jews and " the synagogue of satan		what was the reaction to the 2009 revelation ?		what was the reaction to the 2009 revelation of graham ?
billy graham		discussion of jews with president nixon		what did billy graham say to nixon about the jews ?		graham agreed with nixon that jews control the american media , calling it a " stranglehold " during a 1972 conversation with nixon ,		what did graham think that nixon should do ?		suggesting that if nixon was re - elected , they might be able to do something about it .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		when the tapes were made public , graham apologized		what was the reaction to graham 's words ?		graham apologized and said , " although i have no memory of the occasion , i deeply regret comments i apparently made in an oval office conversation with president nixon		what criticisms were made of graham ?		" [ t]he shock of the revelation was magnified because of graham 's longtime support of israel and his refusal to join in calls for conversion of the jews . "		what consequences did graham suffer as a result ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 2009 , more nixon tapes were released , in which graham is heard in a 1973 conversation with nixon referring to jews and " the synagogue of satan		what was the reaction to the 2009 revelation ?		a spokesman for graham said that graham has never been an antisemite and that the comparison ( in accord with the context of the quotation in the book of revelation )		was else was said about graham 's attitude towards jews ?		aside from the 2009 revelation of graham , was else was said about graham 's attitude towards jews ?
billy graham		discussion of jews with president nixon		what did billy graham say to nixon about the jews ?		graham agreed with nixon that jews control the american media , calling it a " stranglehold " during a 1972 conversation with nixon ,		what did graham think that nixon should do ?		suggesting that if nixon was re - elected , they might be able to do something about it .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		when the tapes were made public , graham apologized		what was the reaction to graham 's words ?		graham apologized and said , " although i have no memory of the occasion , i deeply regret comments i apparently made in an oval office conversation with president nixon		what criticisms were made of graham ?		" [ t]he shock of the revelation was magnified because of graham 's longtime support of israel and his refusal to join in calls for conversion of the jews . "		what consequences did graham suffer as a result ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 2009 , more nixon tapes were released , in which graham is heard in a 1973 conversation with nixon referring to jews and " the synagogue of satan		what was the reaction to the 2009 revelation ?		a spokesman for graham said that graham has never been an antisemite and that the comparison ( in accord with the context of the quotation in the book of revelation )		was else was said about graham 's attitude towards jews ?		during a 1972 conversation with nixon , and suggesting that if nixon was re - elected , they might be able to do something about it .		what did nixon try to do about the media and the jews ?		what did nixon try to do about the media and the jews ?
billy graham		ministry career		when did billy begin his ministry career ?		when did billy begin his ministry career ?
billy graham		ministry career		when did billy begin his ministry career ?		while attending college , graham became pastor of the united gospel tabernacle and also had other preaching engagements .		where did he work ?		where did graham work ?
billy graham		ministry career		when did billy begin his ministry career ?		while attending college , graham became pastor of the united gospel tabernacle and also had other preaching engagements .		where did he work ?		graham briefly served as pastor of the first baptist church in western springs ,		how long did graham work for the church ?		how long did graham work for the church ?
billy graham		ministry career		when did billy begin his ministry career ?		while attending college , graham became pastor of the united gospel tabernacle and also had other preaching engagements .		where did he work ?		graham briefly served as pastor of the first baptist church in western springs ,		how long did graham work for the church ?		from 1943 to 1944 ,		what did graham do for the church during this time period ?		what did graham do for the church during 1943 to 1944 ?
billy graham		ministry career		when did billy begin his ministry career ?		while attending college , graham became pastor of the united gospel tabernacle and also had other preaching engagements .		where did he work ?		graham briefly served as pastor of the first baptist church in western springs ,		how long did graham work for the church ?		from 1943 to 1944 ,		what did graham do for the church during this time period ?		torrey johnson , pastor of the midwest bible church in chicago , told graham that his radio program , songs in the night , was about to be canceled due to lack of funding .		did graham find funding or did the radio show get cancelled ?		did graham find funding or did the radio show get cancelled ?
billy graham		ministry career		when did billy begin his ministry career ?		while attending college , graham became pastor of the united gospel tabernacle and also had other preaching engagements .		where did he work ?		graham briefly served as pastor of the first baptist church in western springs ,		how long did graham work for the church ?		from 1943 to 1944 ,		what did graham do for the church during this time period ?		torrey johnson , pastor of the midwest bible church in chicago , told graham that his radio program , songs in the night , was about to be canceled due to lack of funding .		did graham find funding or did the radio show get cancelled ?		graham decided to take over johnson 's program with financial support from his congregation .		what was grahams biggest accomplishment as a minister ?		what was grahams biggest accomplishment as a minister ?
billy graham		ministry career		when did billy begin his ministry career ?		while attending college , graham became pastor of the united gospel tabernacle and also had other preaching engagements .		where did he work ?		graham briefly served as pastor of the first baptist church in western springs ,		how long did graham work for the church ?		from 1943 to 1944 ,		what did graham do for the church during this time period ?		torrey johnson , pastor of the midwest bible church in chicago , told graham that his radio program , songs in the night , was about to be canceled due to lack of funding .		did graham find funding or did the radio show get cancelled ?		graham decided to take over johnson 's program with financial support from his congregation .		what was grahams biggest accomplishment as a minister ?		graham scheduled a series of revival meetings in los angeles in 1949 , for which he erected circus tents in a parking lot .		what were the circus tents for ?		what were the circus tents for ?
billy graham		ministry career		when did billy begin his ministry career ?		while attending college , graham became pastor of the united gospel tabernacle and also had other preaching engagements .		where did he work ?		graham briefly served as pastor of the first baptist church in western springs ,		how long did graham work for the church ?		from 1943 to 1944 ,		what did graham do for the church during this time period ?		torrey johnson , pastor of the midwest bible church in chicago , told graham that his radio program , songs in the night , was about to be canceled due to lack of funding .		did graham find funding or did the radio show get cancelled ?		graham decided to take over johnson 's program with financial support from his congregation .		what was grahams biggest accomplishment as a minister ?		graham scheduled a series of revival meetings in los angeles in 1949 , for which he erected circus tents in a parking lot .		what were the circus tents for ?		revival meetings		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides graham 's radio show been cancelled , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
billy graham		ministry career		when did billy begin his ministry career ?		while attending college , graham became pastor of the united gospel tabernacle and also had other preaching engagements .		where did he work ?		graham briefly served as pastor of the first baptist church in western springs ,		how long did graham work for the church ?		from 1943 to 1944 ,		what did graham do for the church during this time period ?		torrey johnson , pastor of the midwest bible church in chicago , told graham that his radio program , songs in the night , was about to be canceled due to lack of funding .		did graham find funding or did the radio show get cancelled ?		graham decided to take over johnson 's program with financial support from his congregation .		what was grahams biggest accomplishment as a minister ?		graham scheduled a series of revival meetings in los angeles in 1949 , for which he erected circus tents in a parking lot .		what were the circus tents for ?		revival meetings		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1948 at the age of 29 , he became president of northwestern bible college in minneapolis		what did he do as president of the bible college ?		what did graham do as president of the bible college ?
billy graham		ministry career		when did billy begin his ministry career ?		while attending college , graham became pastor of the united gospel tabernacle and also had other preaching engagements .		where did he work ?		graham briefly served as pastor of the first baptist church in western springs ,		how long did graham work for the church ?		from 1943 to 1944 ,		what did graham do for the church during this time period ?		torrey johnson , pastor of the midwest bible church in chicago , told graham that his radio program , songs in the night , was about to be canceled due to lack of funding .		did graham find funding or did the radio show get cancelled ?		graham decided to take over johnson 's program with financial support from his congregation .		what was grahams biggest accomplishment as a minister ?		graham scheduled a series of revival meetings in los angeles in 1949 , for which he erected circus tents in a parking lot .		what were the circus tents for ?		revival meetings		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1948 at the age of 29 , he became president of northwestern bible college in minneapolis		what did he do as president of the bible college ?		he resigned in 1952 .		what did billy do after his presidency of the college ?		what did billy do after his presidency of the college ?
billy graham		ministry career		when did billy begin his ministry career ?		while attending college , graham became pastor of the united gospel tabernacle and also had other preaching engagements .		where did he work ?		graham briefly served as pastor of the first baptist church in western springs ,		how long did graham work for the church ?		from 1943 to 1944 ,		what did graham do for the church during this time period ?		torrey johnson , pastor of the midwest bible church in chicago , told graham that his radio program , songs in the night , was about to be canceled due to lack of funding .		did graham find funding or did the radio show get cancelled ?		graham decided to take over johnson 's program with financial support from his congregation .		what was grahams biggest accomplishment as a minister ?		graham scheduled a series of revival meetings in los angeles in 1949 , for which he erected circus tents in a parking lot .		what were the circus tents for ?		revival meetings		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1948 at the age of 29 , he became president of northwestern bible college in minneapolis		what did he do as president of the bible college ?		he resigned in 1952 .		what did billy do after his presidency of the college ?		graham initially intended to become a chaplain in the armed forces ,		did he succeed in becoming a chaplain ?		did graham succeed in becoming a chaplain ?
billy graham		ministry career		when did billy begin his ministry career ?		while attending college , graham became pastor of the united gospel tabernacle and also had other preaching engagements .		where did he work ?		graham briefly served as pastor of the first baptist church in western springs ,		how long did graham work for the church ?		from 1943 to 1944 ,		what did graham do for the church during this time period ?		torrey johnson , pastor of the midwest bible church in chicago , told graham that his radio program , songs in the night , was about to be canceled due to lack of funding .		did graham find funding or did the radio show get cancelled ?		graham decided to take over johnson 's program with financial support from his congregation .		what was grahams biggest accomplishment as a minister ?		graham scheduled a series of revival meetings in los angeles in 1949 , for which he erected circus tents in a parking lot .		what were the circus tents for ?		revival meetings		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1948 at the age of 29 , he became president of northwestern bible college in minneapolis		what did he do as president of the bible college ?		he resigned in 1952 .		what did billy do after his presidency of the college ?		graham initially intended to become a chaplain in the armed forces ,		did he succeed in becoming a chaplain ?		he contracted mumps shortly after applying for a commission .		did he retire after his mumps diagnosis ?		did graham retire after his mumps diagnosis ?
the carpenters		childhood		where were they born ?		where were the carpenter siblings born ?
the carpenters		childhood		where were they born ?		the carpenter siblings were both born at grace - new haven hospital ( now called yale - new haven hospital ) in new haven , connecticut ,		who were their parents ?		who were the carpenter siblings parents ?
the carpenters		childhood		where were they born ?		the carpenter siblings were both born at grace - new haven hospital ( now called yale - new haven hospital ) in new haven , connecticut ,		who were their parents ?		harold bertram ( november 8 , 1908 - october 15 , 1988 ) and agnes reuwer ( nee tatum , march 5 , 1915 - november 10 , 1996 ) .		were they raised in ct ?		were the carpenter siblings raised in ct ?
the carpenters		childhood		where were they born ?		the carpenter siblings were both born at grace - new haven hospital ( now called yale - new haven hospital ) in new haven , connecticut ,		who were their parents ?		harold bertram ( november 8 , 1908 - october 15 , 1988 ) and agnes reuwer ( nee tatum , march 5 , 1915 - november 10 , 1996 ) .		were they raised in ct ?		in june 1963 , the carpenter family moved to the los angeles suburb of downey .		did their parents stay married ?		did harold and agnes stay married ?
the carpenters		childhood		where were they born ?		the carpenter siblings were both born at grace - new haven hospital ( now called yale - new haven hospital ) in new haven , connecticut ,		who were their parents ?		harold bertram ( november 8 , 1908 - october 15 , 1988 ) and agnes reuwer ( nee tatum , march 5 , 1915 - november 10 , 1996 ) .		were they raised in ct ?		in june 1963 , the carpenter family moved to the los angeles suburb of downey .		did their parents stay married ?		i do n't know .		did the siblings fight a lot ?		did the siblings fight a lot ?
the carpenters		childhood		where were they born ?		the carpenter siblings were both born at grace - new haven hospital ( now called yale - new haven hospital ) in new haven , connecticut ,		who were their parents ?		harold bertram ( november 8 , 1908 - october 15 , 1988 ) and agnes reuwer ( nee tatum , march 5 , 1915 - november 10 , 1996 ) .		were they raised in ct ?		in june 1963 , the carpenter family moved to the los angeles suburb of downey .		did their parents stay married ?		i do n't know .		did the siblings fight a lot ?		i do n't know .		where did they go to elementary school ?		where did the carpenter siblings go to elementary school ?
texas ( band )		1999 - 2001 : the hush and the greatest hits		what is " hush " ?		what is " hush " ?
texas ( band )		1999 - 2001 : the hush and the greatest hits		what is " hush " ?		the band 's fifth album , the hush , was released in may 1999 and charted at no . 1 on the uk album charts in its first week of release .		what was a song from this album ?		what was a song from the hush ?
texas ( band )		1999 - 2001 : the hush and the greatest hits		what is " hush " ?		the band 's fifth album , the hush , was released in may 1999 and charted at no . 1 on the uk album charts in its first week of release .		what was a song from this album ?		a second single , " summer son " , was released in august 1999 , reaching no . 5 , the band 's seventh uk top 10 single at that point .		what was the first single ?		what was the first single of the band , texas ?
texas ( band )		1999 - 2001 : the hush and the greatest hits		what is " hush " ?		the band 's fifth album , the hush , was released in may 1999 and charted at no . 1 on the uk album charts in its first week of release .		what was a song from this album ?		a second single , " summer son " , was released in august 1999 , reaching no . 5 , the band 's seventh uk top 10 single at that point .		what was the first single ?		" in our lifetime " peaked at no . 4 on the uk singles charts and was also included on the notting hill film soundtrack that year .		where there any more singles from the album ?		where there any more singles from the hush other than " summer son " and " in our lifetime " ?
texas ( band )		1999 - 2001 : the hush and the greatest hits		what is " hush " ?		the band 's fifth album , the hush , was released in may 1999 and charted at no . 1 on the uk album charts in its first week of release .		what was a song from this album ?		a second single , " summer son " , was released in august 1999 , reaching no . 5 , the band 's seventh uk top 10 single at that point .		what was the first single ?		" in our lifetime " peaked at no . 4 on the uk singles charts and was also included on the notting hill film soundtrack that year .		where there any more singles from the album ?		a third and final single , " when we are together " , was released in november 1999 and narrowly missed the uk top 10 ( peaking at 12 ) .		so was the album a success then ?		so was the hush a success then ?
texas ( band )		1999 - 2001 : the hush and the greatest hits		what is " hush " ?		the band 's fifth album , the hush , was released in may 1999 and charted at no . 1 on the uk album charts in its first week of release .		what was a song from this album ?		a second single , " summer son " , was released in august 1999 , reaching no . 5 , the band 's seventh uk top 10 single at that point .		what was the first single ?		" in our lifetime " peaked at no . 4 on the uk singles charts and was also included on the notting hill film soundtrack that year .		where there any more singles from the album ?		a third and final single , " when we are together " , was released in november 1999 and narrowly missed the uk top 10 ( peaking at 12 ) .		so was the album a success then ?		the album was certified 3 x platinum by the bpi for uk sales in excess of 900,000 copies .		did they have a greatest hits album ?		did texas have a greatest hits album ?
texas ( band )		1999 - 2001 : the hush and the greatest hits		what is " hush " ?		the band 's fifth album , the hush , was released in may 1999 and charted at no . 1 on the uk album charts in its first week of release .		what was a song from this album ?		a second single , " summer son " , was released in august 1999 , reaching no . 5 , the band 's seventh uk top 10 single at that point .		what was the first single ?		" in our lifetime " peaked at no . 4 on the uk singles charts and was also included on the notting hill film soundtrack that year .		where there any more singles from the album ?		a third and final single , " when we are together " , was released in november 1999 and narrowly missed the uk top 10 ( peaking at 12 ) .		so was the album a success then ?		the album was certified 3 x platinum by the bpi for uk sales in excess of 900,000 copies .		did they have a greatest hits album ?		in october 2000 , texas released their first compilation album , the greatest hits .		what songs were on this ?		what songs were on the greatest hits album ?
texas ( band )		1999 - 2001 : the hush and the greatest hits		what is " hush " ?		the band 's fifth album , the hush , was released in may 1999 and charted at no . 1 on the uk album charts in its first week of release .		what was a song from this album ?		a second single , " summer son " , was released in august 1999 , reaching no . 5 , the band 's seventh uk top 10 single at that point .		what was the first single ?		" in our lifetime " peaked at no . 4 on the uk singles charts and was also included on the notting hill film soundtrack that year .		where there any more singles from the album ?		a third and final single , " when we are together " , was released in november 1999 and narrowly missed the uk top 10 ( peaking at 12 ) .		so was the album a success then ?		the album was certified 3 x platinum by the bpi for uk sales in excess of 900,000 copies .		did they have a greatest hits album ?		in october 2000 , texas released their first compilation album , the greatest hits .		what songs were on this ?		the album featured tracks spanning their career , from their 1989 debut to the current day and included three new songs .		what were the new songs ?		what were the new songs on the greatest hits album ?
texas ( band )		1999 - 2001 : the hush and the greatest hits		what is " hush " ?		the band 's fifth album , the hush , was released in may 1999 and charted at no . 1 on the uk album charts in its first week of release .		what was a song from this album ?		a second single , " summer son " , was released in august 1999 , reaching no . 5 , the band 's seventh uk top 10 single at that point .		what was the first single ?		" in our lifetime " peaked at no . 4 on the uk singles charts and was also included on the notting hill film soundtrack that year .		where there any more singles from the album ?		a third and final single , " when we are together " , was released in november 1999 and narrowly missed the uk top 10 ( peaking at 12 ) .		so was the album a success then ?		the album was certified 3 x platinum by the bpi for uk sales in excess of 900,000 copies .		did they have a greatest hits album ?		in october 2000 , texas released their first compilation album , the greatest hits .		what songs were on this ?		the album featured tracks spanning their career , from their 1989 debut to the current day and included three new songs .		what were the new songs ?		a new single , " in demand " was released on 2 october 2000 and reached no . 6 in the uk , with a video that featured the actor alan rickman .		what were the other new songs ?		what were the other new songs in the greatest hits other than " in demand " ?
texas ( band )		1999 - 2001 : the hush and the greatest hits		what is " hush " ?		the band 's fifth album , the hush , was released in may 1999 and charted at no . 1 on the uk album charts in its first week of release .		what was a song from this album ?		a second single , " summer son " , was released in august 1999 , reaching no . 5 , the band 's seventh uk top 10 single at that point .		what was the first single ?		" in our lifetime " peaked at no . 4 on the uk singles charts and was also included on the notting hill film soundtrack that year .		where there any more singles from the album ?		a third and final single , " when we are together " , was released in november 1999 and narrowly missed the uk top 10 ( peaking at 12 ) .		so was the album a success then ?		the album was certified 3 x platinum by the bpi for uk sales in excess of 900,000 copies .		did they have a greatest hits album ?		in october 2000 , texas released their first compilation album , the greatest hits .		what songs were on this ?		the album featured tracks spanning their career , from their 1989 debut to the current day and included three new songs .		what were the new songs ?		a new single , " in demand " was released on 2 october 2000 and reached no . 6 in the uk , with a video that featured the actor alan rickman .		what were the other new songs ?		a second new single from the collection , " inner smile " , was released at the end of 2000 , also reaching no . 6 on the uk singles charts .		what was the third song ?		what was the third song on the greatest hits album ?
joe hisaishi		1981 - 98 : anime film industry		what happened during 1981 - 1998 ?		what did joe hisaishi do during 1981 - 1998 ?
joe hisaishi		1981 - 98 : anime film industry		what happened during 1981 - 1998 ?		in 1981 hisaishi , with his new name , released his first album of art music , mkwaju , and in 1982 the electropop - minimalist album information .		did he released any other albums ?		did joe hisaishi release any albums other than mkwaju and information ?
joe hisaishi		1981 - 98 : anime film industry		what happened during 1981 - 1998 ?		in 1981 hisaishi , with his new name , released his first album of art music , mkwaju , and in 1982 the electropop - minimalist album information .		did he released any other albums ?		scores . in 1986 , laputa : castle in the sky , would be the first feature to appear under the studio ghibli banner ,		what else is interesting about joe and the anime film industry ?		other than joe hisaishi releasing an album for laputa : castle in the sky , what else is interesting about joe and the anime film industry ?
joe hisaishi		1981 - 98 : anime film industry		what happened during 1981 - 1998 ?		in 1981 hisaishi , with his new name , released his first album of art music , mkwaju , and in 1982 the electropop - minimalist album information .		did he released any other albums ?		scores . in 1986 , laputa : castle in the sky , would be the first feature to appear under the studio ghibli banner ,		what else is interesting about joe and the anime film industry ?		he initiated a solo career , began to produce music , and created his own label ( wonder land inc. ) in 1988 .		was this label a successful endevour ?		was joe hisaishi 's label , wonder land inc. , a successful endevour ?
joe hisaishi		1981 - 98 : anime film industry		what happened during 1981 - 1998 ?		in 1981 hisaishi , with his new name , released his first album of art music , mkwaju , and in 1982 the electropop - minimalist album information .		did he released any other albums ?		scores . in 1986 , laputa : castle in the sky , would be the first feature to appear under the studio ghibli banner ,		what else is interesting about joe and the anime film industry ?		he initiated a solo career , began to produce music , and created his own label ( wonder land inc. ) in 1988 .		was this label a successful endevour ?		a year later , hisaishi released his solo album pretender as the first album under the new label .		what happened after he released his first album ?		what happened after joe hisaishi released his first album ?
joe hisaishi		1981 - 98 : anime film industry		what happened during 1981 - 1998 ?		in 1981 hisaishi , with his new name , released his first album of art music , mkwaju , and in 1982 the electropop - minimalist album information .		did he released any other albums ?		scores . in 1986 , laputa : castle in the sky , would be the first feature to appear under the studio ghibli banner ,		what else is interesting about joe and the anime film industry ?		he initiated a solo career , began to produce music , and created his own label ( wonder land inc. ) in 1988 .		was this label a successful endevour ?		a year later , hisaishi released his solo album pretender as the first album under the new label .		what happened after he released his first album ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than joe hisaishi 's release of his solo album pretender , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
joe hisaishi		1981 - 98 : anime film industry		what happened during 1981 - 1998 ?		in 1981 hisaishi , with his new name , released his first album of art music , mkwaju , and in 1982 the electropop - minimalist album information .		did he released any other albums ?		scores . in 1986 , laputa : castle in the sky , would be the first feature to appear under the studio ghibli banner ,		what else is interesting about joe and the anime film industry ?		he initiated a solo career , began to produce music , and created his own label ( wonder land inc. ) in 1988 .		was this label a successful endevour ?		a year later , hisaishi released his solo album pretender as the first album under the new label .		what happened after he released his first album ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		williams . this big break led to hisaishi 's overwhelming success as a composer of film scores . in 1986 , laputa : castle in the sky ,		what made this so successful ?		what made the score for laputa : castle in the sky so successful ?
joe hisaishi		1981 - 98 : anime film industry		what happened during 1981 - 1998 ?		in 1981 hisaishi , with his new name , released his first album of art music , mkwaju , and in 1982 the electropop - minimalist album information .		did he released any other albums ?		scores . in 1986 , laputa : castle in the sky , would be the first feature to appear under the studio ghibli banner ,		what else is interesting about joe and the anime film industry ?		he initiated a solo career , began to produce music , and created his own label ( wonder land inc. ) in 1988 .		was this label a successful endevour ?		a year later , hisaishi released his solo album pretender as the first album under the new label .		what happened after he released his first album ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		williams . this big break led to hisaishi 's overwhelming success as a composer of film scores . in 1986 , laputa : castle in the sky ,		what made this so successful ?		its gentle , faintly melancholic tone would become a familiar trademark of much of the studio 's later output .		what other output did the studio release ?		other than laputa : castle in the sky , what other output did the studio release ?
warren spahn		baseball career		when did spahn make his professional debut ?		when did warren spahn make his professional debut ?
warren spahn		baseball career		when did spahn make his professional debut ?		his major league career began in 1942 with the braves and he spent		how long did he spend with them ?		how long did warren spahn spend with the braves ?
warren spahn		baseball career		when did spahn make his professional debut ?		his major league career began in 1942 with the braves and he spent		how long did he spend with them ?		and he spent all but one year with that franchise , first in boston and then in milwaukee . he finished his career in		did he lead the league in any categorizes ?		did warren spahn lead the league in any categorizes ?
warren spahn		baseball career		when did spahn make his professional debut ?		his major league career began in 1942 with the braves and he spent		how long did he spend with them ?		and he spent all but one year with that franchise , first in boston and then in milwaukee . he finished his career in		did he lead the league in any categorizes ?		he led the league in wins eight times ( 1949 - 50 , 1953 , 1957 - 61 , each season with 20 + wins )		what was spahn 's win lose record ?		what was spahn 's win lose record ?
warren spahn		baseball career		when did spahn make his professional debut ?		his major league career began in 1942 with the braves and he spent		how long did he spend with them ?		and he spent all but one year with that franchise , first in boston and then in milwaukee . he finished his career in		did he lead the league in any categorizes ?		he led the league in wins eight times ( 1949 - 50 , 1953 , 1957 - 61 , each season with 20 + wins )		what was spahn 's win lose record ?		with 363 wins , spahn is the 6th most winning pitcher in history , trailing only		who is he trailing in wins ?		who is warren spahn trailing in wins ?
warren spahn		baseball career		when did spahn make his professional debut ?		his major league career began in 1942 with the braves and he spent		how long did he spend with them ?		and he spent all but one year with that franchise , first in boston and then in milwaukee . he finished his career in		did he lead the league in any categorizes ?		he led the league in wins eight times ( 1949 - 50 , 1953 , 1957 - 61 , each season with 20 + wins )		what was spahn 's win lose record ?		with 363 wins , spahn is the 6th most winning pitcher in history , trailing only		who is he trailing in wins ?		trailing only cy young ( 511 ) , walter johnson ( 417 ) , grover cleveland alexander ( 373 ) ,		how many strikeouts did he have ?		how many strikeouts did warren spahn have ?
warren spahn		baseball career		when did spahn make his professional debut ?		his major league career began in 1942 with the braves and he spent		how long did he spend with them ?		and he spent all but one year with that franchise , first in boston and then in milwaukee . he finished his career in		did he lead the league in any categorizes ?		he led the league in wins eight times ( 1949 - 50 , 1953 , 1957 - 61 , each season with 20 + wins )		what was spahn 's win lose record ?		with 363 wins , spahn is the 6th most winning pitcher in history , trailing only		who is he trailing in wins ?		trailing only cy young ( 511 ) , walter johnson ( 417 ) , grover cleveland alexander ( 373 ) ,		how many strikeouts did he have ?		four strikeout crowns ( 1949 - 52 ) . he appeared in 14		how many all - star games did he pitch in ?		how many all - star games did warren spahn pitch in ?
warren spahn		baseball career		when did spahn make his professional debut ?		his major league career began in 1942 with the braves and he spent		how long did he spend with them ?		and he spent all but one year with that franchise , first in boston and then in milwaukee . he finished his career in		did he lead the league in any categorizes ?		he led the league in wins eight times ( 1949 - 50 , 1953 , 1957 - 61 , each season with 20 + wins )		what was spahn 's win lose record ?		with 363 wins , spahn is the 6th most winning pitcher in history , trailing only		who is he trailing in wins ?		trailing only cy young ( 511 ) , walter johnson ( 417 ) , grover cleveland alexander ( 373 ) ,		how many strikeouts did he have ?		four strikeout crowns ( 1949 - 52 ) . he appeared in 14		how many all - star games did he pitch in ?		he appeared in 14 all - star games , the most of any pitcher in the 20th century . he won		how many did he win ?		how many did warren spahn win ?
warren spahn		baseball career		when did spahn make his professional debut ?		his major league career began in 1942 with the braves and he spent		how long did he spend with them ?		and he spent all but one year with that franchise , first in boston and then in milwaukee . he finished his career in		did he lead the league in any categorizes ?		he led the league in wins eight times ( 1949 - 50 , 1953 , 1957 - 61 , each season with 20 + wins )		what was spahn 's win lose record ?		with 363 wins , spahn is the 6th most winning pitcher in history , trailing only		who is he trailing in wins ?		trailing only cy young ( 511 ) , walter johnson ( 417 ) , grover cleveland alexander ( 373 ) ,		how many strikeouts did he have ?		four strikeout crowns ( 1949 - 52 ) . he appeared in 14		how many all - star games did he pitch in ?		he appeared in 14 all - star games , the most of any pitcher in the 20th century . he won		how many did he win ?		won the nl player of the month award in august 1960 ( 6 - 0 , 2.30 era , 32 so ) and august 1961 ( 6 - 0 , 1.00 era , 26 so )		did he ever win a cy young ?		did warren spahn ever win a cy young ?
warren spahn		baseball career		when did spahn make his professional debut ?		his major league career began in 1942 with the braves and he spent		how long did he spend with them ?		and he spent all but one year with that franchise , first in boston and then in milwaukee . he finished his career in		did he lead the league in any categorizes ?		he led the league in wins eight times ( 1949 - 50 , 1953 , 1957 - 61 , each season with 20 + wins )		what was spahn 's win lose record ?		with 363 wins , spahn is the 6th most winning pitcher in history , trailing only		who is he trailing in wins ?		trailing only cy young ( 511 ) , walter johnson ( 417 ) , grover cleveland alexander ( 373 ) ,		how many strikeouts did he have ?		four strikeout crowns ( 1949 - 52 ) . he appeared in 14		how many all - star games did he pitch in ?		he appeared in 14 all - star games , the most of any pitcher in the 20th century . he won		how many did he win ?		won the nl player of the month award in august 1960 ( 6 - 0 , 2.30 era , 32 so ) and august 1961 ( 6 - 0 , 1.00 era , 26 so )		did he ever win a cy young ?		i do n't know .		did he ever pitch in the postseason ?		did warren spahn ever pitch in the postseason ?
warren spahn		baseball career		when did spahn make his professional debut ?		his major league career began in 1942 with the braves and he spent		how long did he spend with them ?		and he spent all but one year with that franchise , first in boston and then in milwaukee . he finished his career in		did he lead the league in any categorizes ?		he led the league in wins eight times ( 1949 - 50 , 1953 , 1957 - 61 , each season with 20 + wins )		what was spahn 's win lose record ?		with 363 wins , spahn is the 6th most winning pitcher in history , trailing only		who is he trailing in wins ?		trailing only cy young ( 511 ) , walter johnson ( 417 ) , grover cleveland alexander ( 373 ) ,		how many strikeouts did he have ?		four strikeout crowns ( 1949 - 52 ) . he appeared in 14		how many all - star games did he pitch in ?		he appeared in 14 all - star games , the most of any pitcher in the 20th century . he won		how many did he win ?		won the nl player of the month award in august 1960 ( 6 - 0 , 2.30 era , 32 so ) and august 1961 ( 6 - 0 , 1.00 era , 26 so )		did he ever win a cy young ?		i do n't know .		did he ever pitch in the postseason ?		i do n't know .		who were some of his teammates with the braves ?		who were some of warren spahn teammates with the braves ?
bob welch ( musician )		fleetwood mac		when did welch join fleetwood mac ?		when did welch join fleetwood mac ?
bob welch ( musician )		fleetwood mac		when did welch join fleetwood mac ?		1971 , when he was invited to join fleetwood mac ,		what was his role with fleetwood mac ?		what was welch 's role with fleetwood mac ?
bob welch ( musician )		fleetwood mac		when did welch join fleetwood mac ?		1971 , when he was invited to join fleetwood mac ,		what was his role with fleetwood mac ?		welch helped to steer the band in a more melodic direction , particularly after lead guitarist / singer - songwriter danny kirwan was fired		was welch successful ?		was welch , from fleetwood mac , successful ?
bob welch ( musician )		fleetwood mac		when did welch join fleetwood mac ?		1971 , when he was invited to join fleetwood mac ,		what was his role with fleetwood mac ?		welch helped to steer the band in a more melodic direction , particularly after lead guitarist / singer - songwriter danny kirwan was fired		was welch successful ?		in september 1971 , the band released future games , with the title song written by welch .		what was the song ?		what was the title song of fleetwood mac 's furute games ?
bob welch ( musician )		fleetwood mac		when did welch join fleetwood mac ?		1971 , when he was invited to join fleetwood mac ,		what was his role with fleetwood mac ?		welch helped to steer the band in a more melodic direction , particularly after lead guitarist / singer - songwriter danny kirwan was fired		was welch successful ?		in september 1971 , the band released future games , with the title song written by welch .		what was the song ?		featured welch 's song " sentimental lady " .		did the song become a hit ?		did the fleetwood mac 's song " sentimental lady " become a hit ?
tupac shakur		death row records		who was the founder of death row records ?		who was the founder of death row records ?
tupac shakur		death row records		who was the founder of death row records ?		i do n't know .		what year was tupac affiliated with death row records ?		what year was tupac shakur affiliated with death row records ?
tupac shakur		death row records		who was the founder of death row records ?		i do n't know .		what year was tupac affiliated with death row records ?		october 1995 ,		what album or songs did he produce with this company ?		what album or songs did tupac shakur produce with death row records ?
tupac shakur		death row records		who was the founder of death row records ?		i do n't know .		what year was tupac affiliated with death row records ?		october 1995 ,		what album or songs did he produce with this company ?		album , all eyez on me .		how successful was all eyez on me ?		how successful was tupac shakur 's album all eyez on me ?
tupac shakur		death row records		who was the founder of death row records ?		i do n't know .		what year was tupac affiliated with death row records ?		october 1995 ,		what album or songs did he produce with this company ?		album , all eyez on me .		how successful was all eyez on me ?		it sold more than nine million copies .		in what year was all eyez on me released ?		in what year was tupac shakur 's album all eyez on me released ?
tupac shakur		death row records		who was the founder of death row records ?		i do n't know .		what year was tupac affiliated with death row records ?		october 1995 ,		what album or songs did he produce with this company ?		album , all eyez on me .		how successful was all eyez on me ?		it sold more than nine million copies .		in what year was all eyez on me released ?		1996 ,		what did he do after all eyes on me ?		what did tupac shakur do after all eyes on me ?
tupac shakur		death row records		who was the founder of death row records ?		i do n't know .		what year was tupac affiliated with death row records ?		october 1995 ,		what album or songs did he produce with this company ?		album , all eyez on me .		how successful was all eyez on me ?		it sold more than nine million copies .		in what year was all eyez on me released ?		1996 ,		what did he do after all eyes on me ?		on june 4 , 1996 , he and outlawz released the diss track " hit ' em up " ,		how successful was hit ' em up ?		how successful was tupac shakur and outlawz track " hit ' em up " ?
jill dando		career		who is jill dando ?		who is jill dando ?
jill dando		career		who is jill dando ?		dando 's first job was as a trainee reporter for the local weekly newspaper , the weston mercury ,		how long was she there ?		how long was jill dando there ?
jill dando		career		who is jill dando ?		dando 's first job was as a trainee reporter for the local weekly newspaper , the weston mercury ,		how long was she there ?		after five years as a print journalist , she started to work for the bbc		anything interesting about her career ?		anything interesting about jill dando 's career ?
jill dando		career		who is jill dando ?		dando 's first job was as a trainee reporter for the local weekly newspaper , the weston mercury ,		how long was she there ?		after five years as a print journalist , she started to work for the bbc		anything interesting about her career ?		dando presented the bbc television programmes breakfast time , breakfast news , the bbc one o'clock news , the six o'clock news ,		did she ever win any awards ?		did jill dando ever win any awards ?
jill dando		career		who is jill dando ?		dando 's first job was as a trainee reporter for the local weekly newspaper , the weston mercury ,		how long was she there ?		after five years as a print journalist , she started to work for the bbc		anything interesting about her career ?		dando presented the bbc television programmes breakfast time , breakfast news , the bbc one o'clock news , the six o'clock news ,		did she ever win any awards ?		i do n't know .		where did she get her education ?		where did jill dando get her education ?
michael shermer		personal life		when was he born ?		when was michael shermer born ?
michael shermer		personal life		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		is michael married ?		is michael shermer married ?
michael shermer		personal life		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		is michael married ?		he married jennifer graf ,		when did they get married ?		when did michael shermer and jennifer graf get married ?
michael shermer		personal life		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		is michael married ?		he married jennifer graf ,		when did they get married ?		on june 25 , 2014 .		do they have any children ?		do jennifer graf and michael shermer have any children ?
michael shermer		personal life		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		is michael married ?		he married jennifer graf ,		when did they get married ?		on june 25 , 2014 .		do they have any children ?		i do n't know .		where has he lived ?		where has michael shermer lived ?
michael shermer		personal life		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		is michael married ?		he married jennifer graf ,		when did they get married ?		on june 25 , 2014 .		do they have any children ?		i do n't know .		where has he lived ?		as of 2007 , shermer lives in altadena , california .		what can you tell me about his education ?		what can you tell me about michael shermer 's education ?
michael shermer		personal life		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		is michael married ?		he married jennifer graf ,		when did they get married ?		on june 25 , 2014 .		do they have any children ?		i do n't know .		where has he lived ?		as of 2007 , shermer lives in altadena , california .		what can you tell me about his education ?		i do n't know .		what are his hobbies or interests ?		what are michael shermer 's hobbies or interests ?
harry shearer		le show and radio work		what was le show ?		what was le show ?
harry shearer		le show and radio work		what was le show ?		public radio comedy / music program le show . the program is a hodgepodge of satirical news commentary , music , and sketch comedy that takes aim at the " mega morons of the mighty media " .		how long did it run ?		how long did le show run ?
harry shearer		le show and radio work		what was le show ?		public radio comedy / music program le show . the program is a hodgepodge of satirical news commentary , music , and sketch comedy that takes aim at the " mega morons of the mighty media " .		how long did it run ?		i do n't know .		when did he start le show ?		when did harry shearer start le show ?
harry shearer		le show and radio work		what was le show ?		public radio comedy / music program le show . the program is a hodgepodge of satirical news commentary , music , and sketch comedy that takes aim at the " mega morons of the mighty media " .		how long did it run ?		i do n't know .		when did he start le show ?		since 1983 , shearer has been the host of the public radio comedy / music program le show .		where does le show broadcast ?		where does le show broadcast ?
harry shearer		le show and radio work		what was le show ?		public radio comedy / music program le show . the program is a hodgepodge of satirical news commentary , music , and sketch comedy that takes aim at the " mega morons of the mighty media " .		how long did it run ?		i do n't know .		when did he start le show ?		since 1983 , shearer has been the host of the public radio comedy / music program le show .		where does le show broadcast ?		national public radio and other public radio stations throughout the united states . since the merger of sirius and xm satellite radio services the program is no longer available on either .		what other radio work has he done ?		besides le show , what other radio work has harry shearer done ?
harry shearer		le show and radio work		what was le show ?		public radio comedy / music program le show . the program is a hodgepodge of satirical news commentary , music , and sketch comedy that takes aim at the " mega morons of the mighty media " .		how long did it run ?		i do n't know .		when did he start le show ?		since 1983 , shearer has been the host of the public radio comedy / music program le show .		where does le show broadcast ?		national public radio and other public radio stations throughout the united states . since the merger of sirius and xm satellite radio services the program is no longer available on either .		what other radio work has he done ?		in 2006 shearer appeared with brian hayes in four episodes of the bbc radio 4 sitcom not today , thank you , playing nostrils ,		has he done more ?		has harry shearer done more besides his radio work ?
harry shearer		le show and radio work		what was le show ?		public radio comedy / music program le show . the program is a hodgepodge of satirical news commentary , music , and sketch comedy that takes aim at the " mega morons of the mighty media " .		how long did it run ?		i do n't know .		when did he start le show ?		since 1983 , shearer has been the host of the public radio comedy / music program le show .		where does le show broadcast ?		national public radio and other public radio stations throughout the united states . since the merger of sirius and xm satellite radio services the program is no longer available on either .		what other radio work has he done ?		in 2006 shearer appeared with brian hayes in four episodes of the bbc radio 4 sitcom not today , thank you , playing nostrils ,		has he done more ?		in 2008 , shearer released a music cd		was his music successful ?		was harry shearer 's music successful ?
harry shearer		le show and radio work		what was le show ?		public radio comedy / music program le show . the program is a hodgepodge of satirical news commentary , music , and sketch comedy that takes aim at the " mega morons of the mighty media " .		how long did it run ?		i do n't know .		when did he start le show ?		since 1983 , shearer has been the host of the public radio comedy / music program le show .		where does le show broadcast ?		national public radio and other public radio stations throughout the united states . since the merger of sirius and xm satellite radio services the program is no longer available on either .		what other radio work has he done ?		in 2006 shearer appeared with brian hayes in four episodes of the bbc radio 4 sitcom not today , thank you , playing nostrils ,		has he done more ?		in 2008 , shearer released a music cd		was his music successful ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides harry shearer 's music cd and radio work , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
harry shearer		le show and radio work		what was le show ?		public radio comedy / music program le show . the program is a hodgepodge of satirical news commentary , music , and sketch comedy that takes aim at the " mega morons of the mighty media " .		how long did it run ?		i do n't know .		when did he start le show ?		since 1983 , shearer has been the host of the public radio comedy / music program le show .		where does le show broadcast ?		national public radio and other public radio stations throughout the united states . since the merger of sirius and xm satellite radio services the program is no longer available on either .		what other radio work has he done ?		in 2006 shearer appeared with brian hayes in four episodes of the bbc radio 4 sitcom not today , thank you , playing nostrils ,		has he done more ?		in 2008 , shearer released a music cd		was his music successful ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		shearer has been fascinated with the contents of the video that does not air . shearer refers to these clips as found objects .		does he produce anything with these found objects ?		does harry shearer produce anything with unaired video clips , or found objects ?
harry shearer		le show and radio work		what was le show ?		public radio comedy / music program le show . the program is a hodgepodge of satirical news commentary , music , and sketch comedy that takes aim at the " mega morons of the mighty media " .		how long did it run ?		i do n't know .		when did he start le show ?		since 1983 , shearer has been the host of the public radio comedy / music program le show .		where does le show broadcast ?		national public radio and other public radio stations throughout the united states . since the merger of sirius and xm satellite radio services the program is no longer available on either .		what other radio work has he done ?		in 2006 shearer appeared with brian hayes in four episodes of the bbc radio 4 sitcom not today , thank you , playing nostrils ,		has he done more ?		in 2008 , shearer released a music cd		was his music successful ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		shearer has been fascinated with the contents of the video that does not air . shearer refers to these clips as found objects .		does he produce anything with these found objects ?		he collects this material and uses it on le show and on his website . in 2008 , he assembled video clips of newsmakers from this collection into an art installation titled		does he use the material for other things ?		does harry shearer use the unaired video clips , or found objects , for things other than le show and his website ?
joe paterno		philanthropy and education		what philanthropy activities was joe involved in ?		what philanthropy activities was joe involved in ?
joe paterno		philanthropy and education		what philanthropy activities was joe involved in ?		penn state all - sports museum , which opened in 2002 , and the pasquerilla spiritual center ,		what did he do for the museum ?		what joe do for the museum ?
joe paterno		philanthropy and education		what philanthropy activities was joe involved in ?		penn state all - sports museum , which opened in 2002 , and the pasquerilla spiritual center ,		what did he do for the museum ?		he and his wife sue have contributed over $ 4 million towards various departments and colleges , including support for the penn state all - sports museum , which opened in 2002 ,		did he do anything else for the museum ?		other than contributing $ 4 million did joe do anything else for the museum ?
joe paterno		philanthropy and education		what philanthropy activities was joe involved in ?		penn state all - sports museum , which opened in 2002 , and the pasquerilla spiritual center ,		what did he do for the museum ?		he and his wife sue have contributed over $ 4 million towards various departments and colleges , including support for the penn state all - sports museum , which opened in 2002 ,		did he do anything else for the museum ?		i do n't know .		what did joe do for the spiritual center ?		what did joe do for the spiritual center ?
joe paterno		philanthropy and education		what philanthropy activities was joe involved in ?		penn state all - sports museum , which opened in 2002 , and the pasquerilla spiritual center ,		what did he do for the museum ?		he and his wife sue have contributed over $ 4 million towards various departments and colleges , including support for the penn state all - sports museum , which opened in 2002 ,		did he do anything else for the museum ?		i do n't know .		what did joe do for the spiritual center ?		he and his wife sue have contributed over $ 4 million towards various departments and colleges ,		what else did joe do in the philanthropic arena ?		other than contributing to various departments and colleges what else did joe do in the philanthropic arena ?
yuvraj singh		international breakthrough		what was his big breakthrough ?		what was yuvraj singh 's big breakthrough ?
yuvraj singh		international breakthrough		what was his big breakthrough ?		yuvraj was selected in the indian squad for the 2000 icc knockout trophy in the back of his impressive outings for the under-19 team .		what did this mean for him ?		what did being selected in the indian squad mean for yuvraj ?
yuvraj singh		international breakthrough		what was his big breakthrough ?		yuvraj was selected in the indian squad for the 2000 icc knockout trophy in the back of his impressive outings for the under-19 team .		what did this mean for him ?		yuvraj won the man of the match for his innings of 84 ( 80 ) ,		how many matches did he win ?		how many matches did yuvraj win ?
yuvraj singh		international breakthrough		what was his big breakthrough ?		yuvraj was selected in the indian squad for the 2000 icc knockout trophy in the back of his impressive outings for the under-19 team .		what did this mean for him ?		yuvraj won the man of the match for his innings of 84 ( 80 ) ,		how many matches did he win ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides yuvraj 's breakthrough , were there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
yuvraj singh		international breakthrough		what was his big breakthrough ?		yuvraj was selected in the indian squad for the 2000 icc knockout trophy in the back of his impressive outings for the under-19 team .		what did this mean for him ?		yuvraj won the man of the match for his innings of 84 ( 80 ) ,		how many matches did he win ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		yuvraj made his comeback during the 2001 coca - cola cup in sri lanka .		did he receive and notable awards ?		did yuvraj receive any notable awards ?
yuvraj singh		international breakthrough		what was his big breakthrough ?		yuvraj was selected in the indian squad for the 2000 icc knockout trophy in the back of his impressive outings for the under-19 team .		what did this mean for him ?		yuvraj won the man of the match for his innings of 84 ( 80 ) ,		how many matches did he win ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		yuvraj made his comeback during the 2001 coca - cola cup in sri lanka .		did he receive and notable awards ?		in the quarterfinal match against australia , yuvraj won the man of the match for his innings of 84 ( 80 ) ,		how long did his career last ?		how long did yuvraj 's career last ?
porgy and bess		1952 touring production		where did they tour ?		where did porgy and bess tour ?
porgy and bess		1952 touring production		where did they tour ?		europe		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than the porgy and bess europe tour , there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
porgy and bess		1952 touring production		where did they tour ?		europe		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the first time an american theater group had been to the soviet capital since the bolshevik revolution .		what was preformed ?		what was preformed at the soviet capital by the american theater group ?
porgy and bess		1952 touring production		where did they tour ?		europe		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the first time an american theater group had been to the soviet capital since the bolshevik revolution .		what was preformed ?		porgy and bess		was it a hit ?		was porgy and bess a hit ?
porgy and bess		1952 touring production		where did they tour ?		europe		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the first time an american theater group had been to the soviet capital since the bolshevik revolution .		what was preformed ?		porgy and bess		was it a hit ?		i do n't know .		any other interesting about the production ?		besides their performance in the soviet capital , are there any other interesting about the porgy and bess ?
porgy and bess		1952 touring production		where did they tour ?		europe		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the first time an american theater group had been to the soviet capital since the bolshevik revolution .		what was preformed ?		porgy and bess		was it a hit ?		i do n't know .		any other interesting about the production ?		price and warfield met and we d while on the tour .		did this cause issues ?		did the meeting and marriage of price and warfield cause issues ?
porgy and bess		1952 touring production		where did they tour ?		europe		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the first time an american theater group had been to the soviet capital since the bolshevik revolution .		what was preformed ?		porgy and bess		was it a hit ?		i do n't know .		any other interesting about the production ?		price and warfield met and we d while on the tour .		did this cause issues ?		i do n't know .		did any member leave ?		did any member of porgy and bess leave ?
anna vissi		2002 - 2004 : mala , chi , and paraksenes eikones		what is mala ?		what is mala ?
anna vissi		2002 - 2004 : mala , chi , and paraksenes eikones		what is mala ?		musical mala - i mousiki tou anemou ,		was that successful ?		was male thge musical successful ?
anna vissi		2002 - 2004 : mala , chi , and paraksenes eikones		what is mala ?		musical mala - i mousiki tou anemou ,		was that successful ?		the production and vissi 's performance was received tepidly by critics and its commercial performance was mediocre .		what was the chi ?		what was the chi ?
anna vissi		2002 - 2004 : mala , chi , and paraksenes eikones		what is mala ?		musical mala - i mousiki tou anemou ,		was that successful ?		the production and vissi 's performance was received tepidly by critics and its commercial performance was mediocre .		what was the chi ?		in late 2002 , vissi released the album chi ,		was that album successful ?		was the album chi successful ?
anna vissi		2002 - 2004 : mala , chi , and paraksenes eikones		what is mala ?		musical mala - i mousiki tou anemou ,		was that successful ?		the production and vissi 's performance was received tepidly by critics and its commercial performance was mediocre .		what was the chi ?		in late 2002 , vissi released the album chi ,		was that album successful ?		the album was featured on cnn 's music room ,		did it win any awards as well ?		did the album chi win any awards as well ?
anna vissi		2002 - 2004 : mala , chi , and paraksenes eikones		what is mala ?		musical mala - i mousiki tou anemou ,		was that successful ?		the production and vissi 's performance was received tepidly by critics and its commercial performance was mediocre .		what was the chi ?		in late 2002 , vissi released the album chi ,		was that album successful ?		the album was featured on cnn 's music room ,		did it win any awards as well ?		the album reached number one in greece .		what was the parakesenes ?		what was the parakesenes eikones ?
anna vissi		2002 - 2004 : mala , chi , and paraksenes eikones		what is mala ?		musical mala - i mousiki tou anemou ,		was that successful ?		the production and vissi 's performance was received tepidly by critics and its commercial performance was mediocre .		what was the chi ?		in late 2002 , vissi released the album chi ,		was that album successful ?		the album was featured on cnn 's music room ,		did it win any awards as well ?		the album reached number one in greece .		what was the parakesenes ?		just before 2004 , on 5 december 2003 , vissi released the double album paraksenes eikones		was that one successful as well ?		was the double album paraksenes eikones successful ?
anna vissi		2002 - 2004 : mala , chi , and paraksenes eikones		what is mala ?		musical mala - i mousiki tou anemou ,		was that successful ?		the production and vissi 's performance was received tepidly by critics and its commercial performance was mediocre .		what was the chi ?		in late 2002 , vissi released the album chi ,		was that album successful ?		the album was featured on cnn 's music room ,		did it win any awards as well ?		the album reached number one in greece .		what was the parakesenes ?		just before 2004 , on 5 december 2003 , vissi released the double album paraksenes eikones		was that one successful as well ?		went 2x platinum in six months .		did she go on tours to support these albums ?		did vissi go on tour to support the double album paraksenes eikones ?
anna vissi		2002 - 2004 : mala , chi , and paraksenes eikones		what is mala ?		musical mala - i mousiki tou anemou ,		was that successful ?		the production and vissi 's performance was received tepidly by critics and its commercial performance was mediocre .		what was the chi ?		in late 2002 , vissi released the album chi ,		was that album successful ?		the album was featured on cnn 's music room ,		did it win any awards as well ?		the album reached number one in greece .		what was the parakesenes ?		just before 2004 , on 5 december 2003 , vissi released the double album paraksenes eikones		was that one successful as well ?		went 2x platinum in six months .		did she go on tours to support these albums ?		to promote the album , she started appearing at " diogenis studio " for the winter season 2003 - 2004 ,		where was diogenis studio ?		where was diogenis studio ?
mike gravel		barnes review controversy		what was the first interesting thing you read ?		what was the first interesting thing you read ?
mike gravel		barnes review controversy		what was the first interesting thing you read ?		in june 2003 , gravel gave a speech on direct democracy at a conference hosted by the american free press . the event was cosponsored by the barnes review ,		how did that speec effect politics ?		how did direct democracy effect politics ?
mike gravel		barnes review controversy		what was the first interesting thing you read ?		in june 2003 , gravel gave a speech on direct democracy at a conference hosted by the american free press . the event was cosponsored by the barnes review ,		how did that speec effect politics ?		the event was cosponsored by the barnes review , a journal that endorses holocaust denial .		tell me more about the holocast .		tell me more about the holocast .
mike gravel		barnes review controversy		what was the first interesting thing you read ?		in june 2003 , gravel gave a speech on direct democracy at a conference hosted by the american free press . the event was cosponsored by the barnes review ,		how did that speec effect politics ?		the event was cosponsored by the barnes review , a journal that endorses holocaust denial .		tell me more about the holocast .		gravel has said repeatedly that he does not share such a view , stating , " you better believe i know that six million jews were killed .		what other veiws does he have ?		aside from the barnes review what other views does gravel have ?
mike gravel		barnes review controversy		what was the first interesting thing you read ?		in june 2003 , gravel gave a speech on direct democracy at a conference hosted by the american free press . the event was cosponsored by the barnes review ,		how did that speec effect politics ?		the event was cosponsored by the barnes review , a journal that endorses holocaust denial .		tell me more about the holocast .		gravel has said repeatedly that he does not share such a view , stating , " you better believe i know that six million jews were killed .		what other veiws does he have ?		carto contacted me to speak at that barnes review conference . i had never heard of the barnes review , did n't know anything about it or what they stood for .		what is the barnes review ?		what is the barnes review ?
mike gravel		barnes review controversy		what was the first interesting thing you read ?		in june 2003 , gravel gave a speech on direct democracy at a conference hosted by the american free press . the event was cosponsored by the barnes review ,		how did that speec effect politics ?		the event was cosponsored by the barnes review , a journal that endorses holocaust denial .		tell me more about the holocast .		gravel has said repeatedly that he does not share such a view , stating , " you better believe i know that six million jews were killed .		what other veiws does he have ?		carto contacted me to speak at that barnes review conference . i had never heard of the barnes review , did n't know anything about it or what they stood for .		what is the barnes review ?		it has some extreme views , and a lot of the ads in it are even more extreme and make me want to upchuck .		haha anything in this article that wo nt make you upchuck ?		haha anything in this article that wo nt make you upchuck ?
eddie collins		philadelphia athletics		do you know why he did n't play in the wold championships and his last appearance was in august ?		do you know why eddie collins did n't play in the wold championships and hi last appearance was in august ?
eddie collins		philadelphia athletics		do you know why he did n't play in the wold championships and his last appearance was in august ?		i do n't know .		what did he rejoin as ?		what did eddie collins rejoin as ?
eddie collins		philadelphia athletics		do you know why he did n't play in the wold championships and his last appearance was in august ?		i do n't know .		what did he rejoin as ?		i do n't know .		how many games did he play in ?		how many games did eddie collins play in ?
eddie collins		philadelphia athletics		do you know why he did n't play in the wold championships and his last appearance was in august ?		i do n't know .		what did he rejoin as ?		i do n't know .		how many games did he play in ?		he played in 102 games in		which record did he hold and for what ?		which record did eddie collins hold and for what ?
eddie collins		philadelphia athletics		do you know why he did n't play in the wold championships and his last appearance was in august ?		i do n't know .		what did he rejoin as ?		i do n't know .		how many games did he play in ?		he played in 102 games in		which record did he hold and for what ?		he earned the league 's chalmers award (		how many bases did he steal ?		how many bases did eddie collins steal ?
eddie collins		philadelphia athletics		do you know why he did n't play in the wold championships and his last appearance was in august ?		i do n't know .		what did he rejoin as ?		i do n't know .		how many games did he play in ?		he played in 102 games in		which record did he hold and for what ?		he earned the league 's chalmers award (		how many bases did he steal ?		67		do you have any more interesting facts about him ?		do you have any more interesting facts about eddie collins ?
eddie collins		philadelphia athletics		do you know why he did n't play in the wold championships and his last appearance was in august ?		i do n't know .		what did he rejoin as ?		i do n't know .		how many games did he play in ?		he played in 102 games in		which record did he hold and for what ?		he earned the league 's chalmers award (		how many bases did he steal ?		67		do you have any more interesting facts about him ?		he is one of only five players to steal six bases in a game , and the only person to do so twice ,		do you know how old he was ?		do you know how old eddie collins was ?
eddie collins		philadelphia athletics		do you know why he did n't play in the wold championships and his last appearance was in august ?		i do n't know .		what did he rejoin as ?		i do n't know .		how many games did he play in ?		he played in 102 games in		which record did he hold and for what ?		he earned the league 's chalmers award (		how many bases did he steal ?		67		do you have any more interesting facts about him ?		he is one of only five players to steal six bases in a game , and the only person to do so twice ,		do you know how old he was ?		i do n't know .		did he have any family ?		did eddie collins have any family ?
eddie collins		philadelphia athletics		do you know why he did n't play in the wold championships and his last appearance was in august ?		i do n't know .		what did he rejoin as ?		i do n't know .		how many games did he play in ?		he played in 102 games in		which record did he hold and for what ?		he earned the league 's chalmers award (		how many bases did he steal ?		67		do you have any more interesting facts about him ?		he is one of only five players to steal six bases in a game , and the only person to do so twice ,		do you know how old he was ?		i do n't know .		did he have any family ?		i do n't know .		how many teams did he play for ?		how many teams did eddie collins play for ?
alexander graham bell		canada		can you tell me something about canada		can you tell me something about canada and alexander graham bell ?
alexander graham bell		canada		can you tell me something about canada		in 1870 , aged 23 , bell , together with bell 's brother 's widow , caroline margaret ottaway , and his parents travelled on the ss nestorian to canada .		what year was this		what year did bell travel to canada ?
alexander graham bell		canada		can you tell me something about canada		in 1870 , aged 23 , bell , together with bell 's brother 's widow , caroline margaret ottaway , and his parents travelled on the ss nestorian to canada .		what year was this		in 1870 ,		is this something they were happy about		is travelling to canada something bell family were happy about ?
alexander graham bell		canada		can you tell me something about canada		in 1870 , aged 23 , bell , together with bell 's brother 's widow , caroline margaret ottaway , and his parents travelled on the ss nestorian to canada .		what year was this		in 1870 ,		is this something they were happy about		i do n't know .		what did they do about this		what did the bell family do after travelling to canada ?
alexander graham bell		canada		can you tell me something about canada		in 1870 , aged 23 , bell , together with bell 's brother 's widow , caroline margaret ottaway , and his parents travelled on the ss nestorian to canada .		what year was this		in 1870 ,		is this something they were happy about		i do n't know .		what did they do about this		the bell family purchased a farm of 10.5 acres ( 42,000 m2 ) at tutelo heights ( now called tutela heights ) , near brantford , ontario .		did they always live there		did the bell family always live at tutelo heights ?
alexander graham bell		canada		can you tell me something about canada		in 1870 , aged 23 , bell , together with bell 's brother 's widow , caroline margaret ottaway , and his parents travelled on the ss nestorian to canada .		what year was this		in 1870 ,		is this something they were happy about		i do n't know .		what did they do about this		the bell family purchased a farm of 10.5 acres ( 42,000 m2 ) at tutelo heights ( now called tutela heights ) , near brantford , ontario .		did they always live there		and in 1871 , he accompanied his father to montreal , where melville was offered a position to teach his system of visible speech .		did they end up moving		did the bell family end up moving from montreal ?
alexander graham bell		canada		can you tell me something about canada		in 1870 , aged 23 , bell , together with bell 's brother 's widow , caroline margaret ottaway , and his parents travelled on the ss nestorian to canada .		what year was this		in 1870 ,		is this something they were happy about		i do n't know .		what did they do about this		the bell family purchased a farm of 10.5 acres ( 42,000 m2 ) at tutelo heights ( now called tutela heights ) , near brantford , ontario .		did they always live there		and in 1871 , he accompanied his father to montreal , where melville was offered a position to teach his system of visible speech .		did they end up moving		i do n't know .		what was something special and them and canada		what was something special about bell family and canada ?
alexander graham bell		canada		can you tell me something about canada		in 1870 , aged 23 , bell , together with bell 's brother 's widow , caroline margaret ottaway , and his parents travelled on the ss nestorian to canada .		what year was this		in 1870 ,		is this something they were happy about		i do n't know .		what did they do about this		the bell family purchased a farm of 10.5 acres ( 42,000 m2 ) at tutelo heights ( now called tutela heights ) , near brantford , ontario .		did they always live there		and in 1871 , he accompanied his father to montreal , where melville was offered a position to teach his system of visible speech .		did they end up moving		i do n't know .		what was something special and them and canada		at the homestead , bell set up his own workshop in the converted carriage house near to what he called his " dreaming place " ,		what did he do in his dreaming place		what did bell do in his dreaming place ?
alexander graham bell		canada		can you tell me something about canada		in 1870 , aged 23 , bell , together with bell 's brother 's widow , caroline margaret ottaway , and his parents travelled on the ss nestorian to canada .		what year was this		in 1870 ,		is this something they were happy about		i do n't know .		what did they do about this		the bell family purchased a farm of 10.5 acres ( 42,000 m2 ) at tutelo heights ( now called tutela heights ) , near brantford , ontario .		did they always live there		and in 1871 , he accompanied his father to montreal , where melville was offered a position to teach his system of visible speech .		did they end up moving		i do n't know .		what was something special and them and canada		at the homestead , bell set up his own workshop in the converted carriage house near to what he called his " dreaming place " ,		what did he do in his dreaming place		his " dreaming place " , a large hollow nestled in trees at the back of the property above the river .		and this was in canada as well ?		was bell 's " dreaming place " in canada as well ?
josephine butler		early life ; 1828 - 1850		where was she from ?		where was butler from ?
josephine butler		early life ; 1828 - 1850		where was she from ?		milfield , northumberland .		when was she born ?		when was butler born ?
josephine butler		early life ; 1828 - 1850		where was she from ?		milfield , northumberland .		when was she born ?		13 april 1828		who were her parents ?		who were butler 's parents ?
josephine butler		early life ; 1828 - 1850		where was she from ?		milfield , northumberland .		when was she born ?		13 april 1828		who were her parents ?		hannah ( nee annett ) and john grey ,		did she have siblings ?		did butler have siblings ?
josephine butler		early life ; 1828 - 1850		where was she from ?		milfield , northumberland .		when was she born ?		13 april 1828		who were her parents ?		hannah ( nee annett ) and john grey ,		did she have siblings ?		she was the fourth daughter and seventh child		what was her youth like ?		what was butler 's youth like ?
josephine butler		early life ; 1828 - 1850		where was she from ?		milfield , northumberland .		when was she born ?		13 april 1828		who were her parents ?		hannah ( nee annett ) and john grey ,		did she have siblings ?		she was the fourth daughter and seventh child		what was her youth like ?		josephine was taught at home before completing her schooling at a boarding school in newcastle upon tyne which she attended for two years .		did she benefit from boarding school ?		did butler benefit from boarding school ?
josephine butler		early life ; 1828 - 1850		where was she from ?		milfield , northumberland .		when was she born ?		13 april 1828		who were her parents ?		hannah ( nee annett ) and john grey ,		did she have siblings ?		she was the fourth daughter and seventh child		what was her youth like ?		josephine was taught at home before completing her schooling at a boarding school in newcastle upon tyne which she attended for two years .		did she benefit from boarding school ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than her education are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
josephine butler		early life ; 1828 - 1850		where was she from ?		milfield , northumberland .		when was she born ?		13 april 1828		who were her parents ?		hannah ( nee annett ) and john grey ,		did she have siblings ?		she was the fourth daughter and seventh child		what was her youth like ?		josephine was taught at home before completing her schooling at a boarding school in newcastle upon tyne which she attended for two years .		did she benefit from boarding school ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		at about the age of 17 grey went through a religious crisis , which probably stemmed from an incident in which she discovered the body of a suicide		what happened during the crisis ?		what happened during the religious crisis ?
josephine butler		early life ; 1828 - 1850		where was she from ?		milfield , northumberland .		when was she born ?		13 april 1828		who were her parents ?		hannah ( nee annett ) and john grey ,		did she have siblings ?		she was the fourth daughter and seventh child		what was her youth like ?		josephine was taught at home before completing her schooling at a boarding school in newcastle upon tyne which she attended for two years .		did she benefit from boarding school ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		at about the age of 17 grey went through a religious crisis , which probably stemmed from an incident in which she discovered the body of a suicide		what happened during the crisis ?		following her crisis , grey did not identify with any single strand of christianity , and remained critical of the anglican church .		what happened after that ?		what happened after religious crisis ?
josephine butler		early life ; 1828 - 1850		where was she from ?		milfield , northumberland .		when was she born ?		13 april 1828		who were her parents ?		hannah ( nee annett ) and john grey ,		did she have siblings ?		she was the fourth daughter and seventh child		what was her youth like ?		josephine was taught at home before completing her schooling at a boarding school in newcastle upon tyne which she attended for two years .		did she benefit from boarding school ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		at about the age of 17 grey went through a religious crisis , which probably stemmed from an incident in which she discovered the body of a suicide		what happened during the crisis ?		following her crisis , grey did not identify with any single strand of christianity , and remained critical of the anglican church .		what happened after that ?		she later wrote that she " imbibed from childhood the widest ideas of vital christianity , only it was christianity .		did she elaborate on that ?		did grey elaborate on the religious crisis ?
josephine butler		early life ; 1828 - 1850		where was she from ?		milfield , northumberland .		when was she born ?		13 april 1828		who were her parents ?		hannah ( nee annett ) and john grey ,		did she have siblings ?		she was the fourth daughter and seventh child		what was her youth like ?		josephine was taught at home before completing her schooling at a boarding school in newcastle upon tyne which she attended for two years .		did she benefit from boarding school ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		at about the age of 17 grey went through a religious crisis , which probably stemmed from an incident in which she discovered the body of a suicide		what happened during the crisis ?		following her crisis , grey did not identify with any single strand of christianity , and remained critical of the anglican church .		what happened after that ?		she later wrote that she " imbibed from childhood the widest ideas of vital christianity , only it was christianity .		did she elaborate on that ?		i have not much sympathy with the church		was her mind changed at any point ?		was grey 's mind changed at any point ?
ian johnson ( cricketer )		early years		where was he born ?		where was johnson born ?
ian johnson ( cricketer )		early years		where was he born ?		johnson was born in north melbourne , an inner suburb of melbourne ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from been born in north melbourne are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
ian johnson ( cricketer )		early years		where was he born ?		johnson was born in north melbourne , an inner suburb of melbourne ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		as a schoolboy , ian johnson excelled at a variety of sports .		who were his parents ?		who were johnson 's parents ?
ian johnson ( cricketer )		early years		where was he born ?		johnson was born in north melbourne , an inner suburb of melbourne ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		as a schoolboy , ian johnson excelled at a variety of sports .		who were his parents ?		his father , william johnson -- a wine and spirit grocer		who was his mother ?		who was johnson 's mother ?
ian johnson ( cricketer )		early years		where was he born ?		johnson was born in north melbourne , an inner suburb of melbourne ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		as a schoolboy , ian johnson excelled at a variety of sports .		who were his parents ?		his father , william johnson -- a wine and spirit grocer		who was his mother ?		i do n't know .		was he influenced by anyone ?		was johnson influenced by anyone ?
ian johnson ( cricketer )		early years		where was he born ?		johnson was born in north melbourne , an inner suburb of melbourne ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		as a schoolboy , ian johnson excelled at a variety of sports .		who were his parents ?		his father , william johnson -- a wine and spirit grocer		who was his mother ?		i do n't know .		was he influenced by anyone ?		his father ,		where did he go to school ?		where did johnson go to school ?
ian johnson ( cricketer )		early years		where was he born ?		johnson was born in north melbourne , an inner suburb of melbourne ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		as a schoolboy , ian johnson excelled at a variety of sports .		who were his parents ?		his father , william johnson -- a wine and spirit grocer		who was his mother ?		i do n't know .		was he influenced by anyone ?		his father ,		where did he go to school ?		middle park state school .		did he go to college ?		did johnson go to college ?
jerry springer		politics to journalism		was jerry in politics ?		was jerry in politics ?
jerry springer		politics to journalism		was jerry in politics ?		it continued while he was still mayor of cincinnati ,		how long was he mayor ?		how long was jerry mayor ?
jerry springer		politics to journalism		was jerry in politics ?		it continued while he was still mayor of cincinnati ,		how long was he mayor ?		i do n't know .		was jerry a journalist ?		was jerry a journalist ?
jerry springer		politics to journalism		was jerry in politics ?		it continued while he was still mayor of cincinnati ,		how long was he mayor ?		i do n't know .		was jerry a journalist ?		springer was hired as a political reporter and commentator		who did he work for ?		who did jerry work for ?
jerry springer		politics to journalism		was jerry in politics ?		it continued while he was still mayor of cincinnati ,		how long was he mayor ?		i do n't know .		was jerry a journalist ?		springer was hired as a political reporter and commentator		who did he work for ?		on cincinnati 's nbc affiliate , wlwt ,		did he work for any other networks ?		aside from nbc , did jerry work for any other networks ?
jerry springer		politics to journalism		was jerry in politics ?		it continued while he was still mayor of cincinnati ,		how long was he mayor ?		i do n't know .		was jerry a journalist ?		springer was hired as a political reporter and commentator		who did he work for ?		on cincinnati 's nbc affiliate , wlwt ,		did he work for any other networks ?		in 1997 , the chicago - based nbc - owned station wmaq - tv hired springer to serve as a news commentator .		how long was he a journalist ?		how long was jerry a journalist ?
jerry springer		politics to journalism		was jerry in politics ?		it continued while he was still mayor of cincinnati ,		how long was he mayor ?		i do n't know .		was jerry a journalist ?		springer was hired as a political reporter and commentator		who did he work for ?		on cincinnati 's nbc affiliate , wlwt ,		did he work for any other networks ?		in 1997 , the chicago - based nbc - owned station wmaq - tv hired springer to serve as a news commentator .		how long was he a journalist ?		i do n't know .		any other interesting facts about this article ?		in addtion to jerry working at nbc and been major , any other interesting facts about this article ?
jerry springer		politics to journalism		was jerry in politics ?		it continued while he was still mayor of cincinnati ,		how long was he mayor ?		i do n't know .		was jerry a journalist ?		springer was hired as a political reporter and commentator		who did he work for ?		on cincinnati 's nbc affiliate , wlwt ,		did he work for any other networks ?		in 1997 , the chicago - based nbc - owned station wmaq - tv hired springer to serve as a news commentator .		how long was he a journalist ?		i do n't know .		any other interesting facts about this article ?		with the help of some others at wlwt , he created his signature line :		what was his signature line ?		what was jerry 's signature line ?
imran khan		post - retirement		what happened after retirement ?		what happened after imran khan 's retirement ?
imran khan		post - retirement		what happened after retirement ?		in 1994 , khan had admitted that , during test matches , he " occasionally scratched the side of the ball and lifted the seam . "		why did he say this ?		why did imran khan admit to occasionally scratching the side of the ball and lifting the seam ?
imran khan		post - retirement		what happened after retirement ?		in 1994 , khan had admitted that , during test matches , he " occasionally scratched the side of the ball and lifted the seam . "		why did he say this ?		i do n't know .		did he admit any more instances of cheating ?		did imran khan admit any more instances of cheating aside from scratching the side of the ball and lifting the seam ?
imran khan		post - retirement		what happened after retirement ?		in 1994 , khan had admitted that , during test matches , he " occasionally scratched the side of the ball and lifted the seam . "		why did he say this ?		i do n't know .		did he admit any more instances of cheating ?		" only once did i use an object . when sussex were playing hampshire in 1981 the ball was not deviating at all .		what else occurred to him post retirement ?		aside from admitting cheating , what else occurred to imran khan post retirement ?
imran khan		post - retirement		what happened after retirement ?		in 1994 , khan had admitted that , during test matches , he " occasionally scratched the side of the ball and lifted the seam . "		why did he say this ?		i do n't know .		did he admit any more instances of cheating ?		" only once did i use an object . when sussex were playing hampshire in 1981 the ball was not deviating at all .		what else occurred to him post retirement ?		" in 1996 , khan successfully defended himself in a libel action brought forth by former english captain		what was the court case about ?		what was imran khan 's court case about ?
imran khan		post - retirement		what happened after retirement ?		in 1994 , khan had admitted that , during test matches , he " occasionally scratched the side of the ball and lifted the seam . "		why did he say this ?		i do n't know .		did he admit any more instances of cheating ?		" only once did i use an object . when sussex were playing hampshire in 1981 the ball was not deviating at all .		what else occurred to him post retirement ?		" in 1996 , khan successfully defended himself in a libel action brought forth by former english captain		what was the court case about ?		over comments they alleged were made by khan in two articles about the above - mentioned ball - tampering and another article published in an indian magazine ,		what else was said about the dispute ?		aside from the ball - tempering comments made by imran khan , what else was said about the dispute between him and a former english captain ?
imran khan		post - retirement		what happened after retirement ?		in 1994 , khan had admitted that , during test matches , he " occasionally scratched the side of the ball and lifted the seam . "		why did he say this ?		i do n't know .		did he admit any more instances of cheating ?		" only once did i use an object . when sussex were playing hampshire in 1981 the ball was not deviating at all .		what else occurred to him post retirement ?		" in 1996 , khan successfully defended himself in a libel action brought forth by former english captain		what was the court case about ?		over comments they alleged were made by khan in two articles about the above - mentioned ball - tampering and another article published in an indian magazine ,		what else was said about the dispute ?		i got the 12th man to bring out a bottle top and it started to move around a lot . "		did khan win the case ?		did imran khan win the libel action case brought forth by a former english captain ?
imran khan		post - retirement		what happened after retirement ?		in 1994 , khan had admitted that , during test matches , he " occasionally scratched the side of the ball and lifted the seam . "		why did he say this ?		i do n't know .		did he admit any more instances of cheating ?		" only once did i use an object . when sussex were playing hampshire in 1981 the ball was not deviating at all .		what else occurred to him post retirement ?		" in 1996 , khan successfully defended himself in a libel action brought forth by former english captain		what was the court case about ?		over comments they alleged were made by khan in two articles about the above - mentioned ball - tampering and another article published in an indian magazine ,		what else was said about the dispute ?		i got the 12th man to bring out a bottle top and it started to move around a lot . "		did khan win the case ?		khan successfully defended himself		what happened after the win ?		what happened after imran khan won the libel case ?
imran khan		post - retirement		what happened after retirement ?		in 1994 , khan had admitted that , during test matches , he " occasionally scratched the side of the ball and lifted the seam . "		why did he say this ?		i do n't know .		did he admit any more instances of cheating ?		" only once did i use an object . when sussex were playing hampshire in 1981 the ball was not deviating at all .		what else occurred to him post retirement ?		" in 1996 , khan successfully defended himself in a libel action brought forth by former english captain		what was the court case about ?		over comments they alleged were made by khan in two articles about the above - mentioned ball - tampering and another article published in an indian magazine ,		what else was said about the dispute ?		i got the 12th man to bring out a bottle top and it started to move around a lot . "		did khan win the case ?		khan successfully defended himself		what happened after the win ?		since retiring , khan has written opinion pieces on cricket for various british and asian newspapers , especially regarding the pakistani national team .		did he do any more work regarding cricket ?		did imran khan do any more work regarding cricket after his retirement ?
sigmund freud		seduction theory		what was the seduction theory concerning ?		what was the seduction theory concerning ?
sigmund freud		seduction theory		what was the seduction theory concerning ?		had described to him , modified by what he called his " pressure technique " and his newly developed analytic technique of interpretation and reconstruction .		what was the " pressure technique " ?		what was the " pressure technique " in seduction theory ?
sigmund freud		seduction theory		what was the seduction theory concerning ?		had described to him , modified by what he called his " pressure technique " and his newly developed analytic technique of interpretation and reconstruction .		what was the " pressure technique " ?		explained these at first as having the function of " fending off " memories of infantile masturbation , but in later years he wrote that they represented oedipal fantasies ,		what more can you tell me about the seduction theory ?		what more can you tell me about the seduction theory besides " pressure technique " ?
sigmund freud		seduction theory		what was the seduction theory concerning ?		had described to him , modified by what he called his " pressure technique " and his newly developed analytic technique of interpretation and reconstruction .		what was the " pressure technique " ?		explained these at first as having the function of " fending off " memories of infantile masturbation , but in later years he wrote that they represented oedipal fantasies ,		what more can you tell me about the seduction theory ?		freud 's proposing that unconscious memories of infantile sexual abuse were at the root of the psychoneuroses		when was he proposing this theory ?		when was sigmund freud proposing seduction theory ?
sigmund freud		seduction theory		what was the seduction theory concerning ?		had described to him , modified by what he called his " pressure technique " and his newly developed analytic technique of interpretation and reconstruction .		what was the " pressure technique " ?		explained these at first as having the function of " fending off " memories of infantile masturbation , but in later years he wrote that they represented oedipal fantasies ,		what more can you tell me about the seduction theory ?		freud 's proposing that unconscious memories of infantile sexual abuse were at the root of the psychoneuroses		when was he proposing this theory ?		in the early 1890s ,		how were these ideas received ?		how were the seduction theory and pressure technique ideas received ?
sigmund freud		seduction theory		what was the seduction theory concerning ?		had described to him , modified by what he called his " pressure technique " and his newly developed analytic technique of interpretation and reconstruction .		what was the " pressure technique " ?		explained these at first as having the function of " fending off " memories of infantile masturbation , but in later years he wrote that they represented oedipal fantasies ,		what more can you tell me about the seduction theory ?		freud 's proposing that unconscious memories of infantile sexual abuse were at the root of the psychoneuroses		when was he proposing this theory ?		in the early 1890s ,		how were these ideas received ?		freud used a form of treatment based on the one that breuer had described to him ,		who was breuer ?		who was breuer who described a form of treatment for psychoneuroses to sigmund freud ?
bernard lonergan		trinitarian theology		what is trinitarian theology ?		what is trinitarian theology ?
bernard lonergan		trinitarian theology		what is trinitarian theology ?		in the triune god : doctrines , lonergan begins with an examination of the dialectical process by which the dogma of the trinity developed in the first four centuries .		did he believe this ?		did bernard lonergan believe in the dogma of the trinity ?
bernard lonergan		trinitarian theology		what is trinitarian theology ?		in the triune god : doctrines , lonergan begins with an examination of the dialectical process by which the dogma of the trinity developed in the first four centuries .		did he believe this ?		i do n't know .		did he believe in a certain theory ?		did lonergan believe in a certain theory ?
bernard lonergan		trinitarian theology		what is trinitarian theology ?		in the triune god : doctrines , lonergan begins with an examination of the dialectical process by which the dogma of the trinity developed in the first four centuries .		did he believe this ?		i do n't know .		did he believe in a certain theory ?		i do n't know .		did he study this theory ?		did lonergan study dogma of the trinity theory ?
bernard lonergan		trinitarian theology		what is trinitarian theology ?		in the triune god : doctrines , lonergan begins with an examination of the dialectical process by which the dogma of the trinity developed in the first four centuries .		did he believe this ?		i do n't know .		did he believe in a certain theory ?		i do n't know .		did he study this theory ?		lonergan develops the theory of intelligible ( or spiritual ) emanations in god as propounded by thomas aquinas .		what is that about ?		what is the theory about ?
bernard lonergan		trinitarian theology		what is trinitarian theology ?		in the triune god : doctrines , lonergan begins with an examination of the dialectical process by which the dogma of the trinity developed in the first four centuries .		did he believe this ?		i do n't know .		did he believe in a certain theory ?		i do n't know .		did he study this theory ?		lonergan develops the theory of intelligible ( or spiritual ) emanations in god as propounded by thomas aquinas .		what is that about ?		begins with a discussion of the method of systematic theology which seeks an imperfect but highly fruitful understanding of the mysteries of faith by means of analogies .		was this recognized by other people ?		was the theory of intelligible ( or spiritual ) emanations in god as propounded by thomas aquinus recognized by other people besides his followers ?
bernard lonergan		trinitarian theology		what is trinitarian theology ?		in the triune god : doctrines , lonergan begins with an examination of the dialectical process by which the dogma of the trinity developed in the first four centuries .		did he believe this ?		i do n't know .		did he believe in a certain theory ?		i do n't know .		did he study this theory ?		lonergan develops the theory of intelligible ( or spiritual ) emanations in god as propounded by thomas aquinas .		what is that about ?		begins with a discussion of the method of systematic theology which seeks an imperfect but highly fruitful understanding of the mysteries of faith by means of analogies .		was this recognized by other people ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards ?		did lonergan win any awards for his study of the theory about the dogma of the trinity ?
bernard lonergan		trinitarian theology		what is trinitarian theology ?		in the triune god : doctrines , lonergan begins with an examination of the dialectical process by which the dogma of the trinity developed in the first four centuries .		did he believe this ?		i do n't know .		did he believe in a certain theory ?		i do n't know .		did he study this theory ?		lonergan develops the theory of intelligible ( or spiritual ) emanations in god as propounded by thomas aquinas .		what is that about ?		begins with a discussion of the method of systematic theology which seeks an imperfect but highly fruitful understanding of the mysteries of faith by means of analogies .		was this recognized by other people ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		was any of his work published ?		was any of lonergan 's work published ?
bernard lonergan		trinitarian theology		what is trinitarian theology ?		in the triune god : doctrines , lonergan begins with an examination of the dialectical process by which the dogma of the trinity developed in the first four centuries .		did he believe this ?		i do n't know .		did he believe in a certain theory ?		i do n't know .		did he study this theory ?		lonergan develops the theory of intelligible ( or spiritual ) emanations in god as propounded by thomas aquinas .		what is that about ?		begins with a discussion of the method of systematic theology which seeks an imperfect but highly fruitful understanding of the mysteries of faith by means of analogies .		was this recognized by other people ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		was any of his work published ?		lonergan composed a two - volume latin textbook , de deo trino ( third edition , 1964 ) .		did he write any other books ?		did lonergan write any other books besides the two volume latin textbook " de deo trino " ?
bernard lonergan		trinitarian theology		what is trinitarian theology ?		in the triune god : doctrines , lonergan begins with an examination of the dialectical process by which the dogma of the trinity developed in the first four centuries .		did he believe this ?		i do n't know .		did he believe in a certain theory ?		i do n't know .		did he study this theory ?		lonergan develops the theory of intelligible ( or spiritual ) emanations in god as propounded by thomas aquinas .		what is that about ?		begins with a discussion of the method of systematic theology which seeks an imperfect but highly fruitful understanding of the mysteries of faith by means of analogies .		was this recognized by other people ?		i do n't know .		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		was any of his work published ?		lonergan composed a two - volume latin textbook , de deo trino ( third edition , 1964 ) .		did he write any other books ?		the triune god : doctrines ( 2009 ) and the triune god : systematics ( 2007 ) .		were any of them best sellers ?		were any of lonergan 's published works best sellers ?
the kingston trio		hiatus and the new kingston trio , 1967 - 1976		why did the trio go on hiatus ?		why did the kingston trio go on hiatus ?
the kingston trio		hiatus and the new kingston trio , 1967 - 1976		why did the trio go on hiatus ?		following the hungry i engagement , reynolds moved to port orford , oregon and pursued interests in ranching , business , and race cars for the next twenty years .		what happened at the hungry i engagement ?		what happened at the hungry i engagement ?
the kingston trio		hiatus and the new kingston trio , 1967 - 1976		why did the trio go on hiatus ?		following the hungry i engagement , reynolds moved to port orford , oregon and pursued interests in ranching , business , and race cars for the next twenty years .		what happened at the hungry i engagement ?		i do n't know .		what did the other members do when reynolds left ?		other than remain inactive , what did the other members of the kingston trio do when reynolds left ?
the kingston trio		hiatus and the new kingston trio , 1967 - 1976		why did the trio go on hiatus ?		following the hungry i engagement , reynolds moved to port orford , oregon and pursued interests in ranching , business , and race cars for the next twenty years .		what happened at the hungry i engagement ?		i do n't know .		what did the other members do when reynolds left ?		stewart commenced a long and distinguished career as a singer - songwriter , composing hit songs like " daydream believer " for the monkees and " runaway train " for rosanne cash .		what did dave gaurd do ?		what did dave gaurd do after reynolds left the kingston trio ?
the kingston trio		hiatus and the new kingston trio , 1967 - 1976		why did the trio go on hiatus ?		following the hungry i engagement , reynolds moved to port orford , oregon and pursued interests in ranching , business , and race cars for the next twenty years .		what happened at the hungry i engagement ?		i do n't know .		what did the other members do when reynolds left ?		stewart commenced a long and distinguished career as a singer - songwriter , composing hit songs like " daydream believer " for the monkees and " runaway train " for rosanne cash .		what did dave gaurd do ?		i do n't know .		when did the new kingston trio form ?		when did the new kingston trio form ?
the kingston trio		hiatus and the new kingston trio , 1967 - 1976		why did the trio go on hiatus ?		following the hungry i engagement , reynolds moved to port orford , oregon and pursued interests in ranching , business , and race cars for the next twenty years .		what happened at the hungry i engagement ?		i do n't know .		what did the other members do when reynolds left ?		stewart commenced a long and distinguished career as a singer - songwriter , composing hit songs like " daydream believer " for the monkees and " runaway train " for rosanne cash .		what did dave gaurd do ?		i do n't know .		when did the new kingston trio form ?		organized two troupes under the name of " the new kingston trio " . the first consisted of guitarist pat horine and banjoist jim connor in addition to shane		who started the new trio ?		who started the new trio ?
the kingston trio		hiatus and the new kingston trio , 1967 - 1976		why did the trio go on hiatus ?		following the hungry i engagement , reynolds moved to port orford , oregon and pursued interests in ranching , business , and race cars for the next twenty years .		what happened at the hungry i engagement ?		i do n't know .		what did the other members do when reynolds left ?		stewart commenced a long and distinguished career as a singer - songwriter , composing hit songs like " daydream believer " for the monkees and " runaway train " for rosanne cash .		what did dave gaurd do ?		i do n't know .		when did the new kingston trio form ?		organized two troupes under the name of " the new kingston trio " . the first consisted of guitarist pat horine and banjoist jim connor in addition to shane		who started the new trio ?		shane agreed and organized two troupes under the name of " the new kingston trio " .		who was part of the second troupe ?		who was part of the second troupe ?
the kingston trio		hiatus and the new kingston trio , 1967 - 1976		why did the trio go on hiatus ?		following the hungry i engagement , reynolds moved to port orford , oregon and pursued interests in ranching , business , and race cars for the next twenty years .		what happened at the hungry i engagement ?		i do n't know .		what did the other members do when reynolds left ?		stewart commenced a long and distinguished career as a singer - songwriter , composing hit songs like " daydream believer " for the monkees and " runaway train " for rosanne cash .		what did dave gaurd do ?		i do n't know .		when did the new kingston trio form ?		organized two troupes under the name of " the new kingston trio " . the first consisted of guitarist pat horine and banjoist jim connor in addition to shane		who started the new trio ?		shane agreed and organized two troupes under the name of " the new kingston trio " .		who was part of the second troupe ?		the second including guitarist roger gambill and banjoist bill zorn from 1973 until 1976 .		did the new kingston trio tour ?		did the new kingston trio tour ?
the kingston trio		hiatus and the new kingston trio , 1967 - 1976		why did the trio go on hiatus ?		following the hungry i engagement , reynolds moved to port orford , oregon and pursued interests in ranching , business , and race cars for the next twenty years .		what happened at the hungry i engagement ?		i do n't know .		what did the other members do when reynolds left ?		stewart commenced a long and distinguished career as a singer - songwriter , composing hit songs like " daydream believer " for the monkees and " runaway train " for rosanne cash .		what did dave gaurd do ?		i do n't know .		when did the new kingston trio form ?		organized two troupes under the name of " the new kingston trio " . the first consisted of guitarist pat horine and banjoist jim connor in addition to shane		who started the new trio ?		shane agreed and organized two troupes under the name of " the new kingston trio " .		who was part of the second troupe ?		the second including guitarist roger gambill and banjoist bill zorn from 1973 until 1976 .		did the new kingston trio tour ?		both troupes of the new kingston trio made a limited number of other recordings and several television appearances , neither generated very much interest from fans		what tv shows did they appear on ?		what tv shows did the new kingston trio appear on ?
walter winchell		style		what was important about walter 's style ?		what was important about walter winchell 's style ?
walter winchell		style		what was important about walter 's style ?		he wrote in a style filled with slang and incomplete sentences . winchell 's casual writing style famously earned him the ire of mobster dutch schultz ,		why did n't schultz like him ?		why did dutch schultz not like walter winchell ?
walter winchell		style		what was important about walter 's style ?		he wrote in a style filled with slang and incomplete sentences . winchell 's casual writing style famously earned him the ire of mobster dutch schultz ,		why did n't schultz like him ?		who confronted him at new york 's cotton club and publicly lambasted him for using the phrase " pushover " to describe schultz 's penchant for blonde women .		did walter 's style offend anyone ?		did walter winchell 's style offend anyone ?
walter winchell		style		what was important about walter 's style ?		he wrote in a style filled with slang and incomplete sentences . winchell 's casual writing style famously earned him the ire of mobster dutch schultz ,		why did n't schultz like him ?		who confronted him at new york 's cotton club and publicly lambasted him for using the phrase " pushover " to describe schultz 's penchant for blonde women .		did walter 's style offend anyone ?		i do n't know .		did people like the things walter would say ?		did people like the things walter winchell said ?
walter winchell		style		what was important about walter 's style ?		he wrote in a style filled with slang and incomplete sentences . winchell 's casual writing style famously earned him the ire of mobster dutch schultz ,		why did n't schultz like him ?		who confronted him at new york 's cotton club and publicly lambasted him for using the phrase " pushover " to describe schultz 's penchant for blonde women .		did walter 's style offend anyone ?		i do n't know .		did people like the things walter would say ?		i do n't know .		what else was interesting about walter ?		aside from walter winchell 's writing style was there anything else interesting about him ?
walter winchell		style		what was important about walter 's style ?		he wrote in a style filled with slang and incomplete sentences . winchell 's casual writing style famously earned him the ire of mobster dutch schultz ,		why did n't schultz like him ?		who confronted him at new york 's cotton club and publicly lambasted him for using the phrase " pushover " to describe schultz 's penchant for blonde women .		did walter 's style offend anyone ?		i do n't know .		did people like the things walter would say ?		i do n't know .		what else was interesting about walter ?		he also wrote many of the signature one - liners , called " lasties " , that mr. winchell used at the end of his sunday evening radio broadcasts .		what are some of his one - liners ?		what are some of walter winchell 's one liners ?
walter winchell		style		what was important about walter 's style ?		he wrote in a style filled with slang and incomplete sentences . winchell 's casual writing style famously earned him the ire of mobster dutch schultz ,		why did n't schultz like him ?		who confronted him at new york 's cotton club and publicly lambasted him for using the phrase " pushover " to describe schultz 's penchant for blonde women .		did walter 's style offend anyone ?		i do n't know .		did people like the things walter would say ?		i do n't know .		what else was interesting about walter ?		he also wrote many of the signature one - liners , called " lasties " , that mr. winchell used at the end of his sunday evening radio broadcasts .		what are some of his one - liners ?		one of klurfeld 's quips was " she 's been on more laps than a napkin " .		is there anything else he would say ?		what are some things walter winchell used to say , aside from his one liners ?
walter winchell		style		what was important about walter 's style ?		he wrote in a style filled with slang and incomplete sentences . winchell 's casual writing style famously earned him the ire of mobster dutch schultz ,		why did n't schultz like him ?		who confronted him at new york 's cotton club and publicly lambasted him for using the phrase " pushover " to describe schultz 's penchant for blonde women .		did walter 's style offend anyone ?		i do n't know .		did people like the things walter would say ?		i do n't know .		what else was interesting about walter ?		he also wrote many of the signature one - liners , called " lasties " , that mr. winchell used at the end of his sunday evening radio broadcasts .		what are some of his one - liners ?		one of klurfeld 's quips was " she 's been on more laps than a napkin " .		is there anything else he would say ?		and using the catchphrase " good evening , mr. and mrs. america from border to border and coast to coast and all the ships at sea . let 's go to press . "		what was different about his style ?		what was different about walter winchell in comparison to other writers ?
montgomery clift		film career		when did clift start his film career ?		when did montgomery clift start a film career ?
montgomery clift		film career		when did clift start his film career ?		his first movie role was opposite john wayne in red river , which was shot in 1946 and released in 1948 .		was the film a success ?		was montgomery clift 's film red river a success ?
montgomery clift		film career		when did clift start his film career ?		his first movie role was opposite john wayne in red river , which was shot in 1946 and released in 1948 .		was the film a success ?		i do n't know .		what was his next film ?		what was montgomery clift 's next film ?
montgomery clift		film career		when did clift start his film career ?		his first movie role was opposite john wayne in red river , which was shot in 1946 and released in 1948 .		was the film a success ?		i do n't know .		what was his next film ?		his second movie was the search .		did he work anyone famous in any films ?		did montgomery clift work with anyone famous in any films ?
montgomery clift		film career		when did clift start his film career ?		his first movie role was opposite john wayne in red river , which was shot in 1946 and released in 1948 .		was the film a success ?		i do n't know .		what was his next film ?		his second movie was the search .		did he work anyone famous in any films ?		john wayne		did he win any awards for any of his films ?		did montgomery clift win any awards for any of his films ?
montgomery clift		film career		when did clift start his film career ?		his first movie role was opposite john wayne in red river , which was shot in 1946 and released in 1948 .		was the film a success ?		i do n't know .		what was his next film ?		his second movie was the search .		did he work anyone famous in any films ?		john wayne		did he win any awards for any of his films ?		he was nominated for an academy award for best actor .		what was another film he was in ?		what was another film montgomery clift was in ?
oprah winfrey		" oprahfication "		what is oprahfication ?		what is oprahfication ?
oprah winfrey		" oprahfication "		what is oprahfication ?		the wall street journal coined the term " oprahfication " , meaning		what does this cause in society ?		what does oprahfication cause in society ?
oprah winfrey		" oprahfication "		what is oprahfication ?		the wall street journal coined the term " oprahfication " , meaning		what does this cause in society ?		... she makes people care because she cares .		what is a cause she supports ?		what is a cause oprah winfrey supports ?
oprah winfrey		" oprahfication "		what is oprahfication ?		the wall street journal coined the term " oprahfication " , meaning		what does this cause in society ?		... she makes people care because she cares .		what is a cause she supports ?		she is opposed to rap lyrics that " marginalize women " ,		what did she bring to the viewers ?		what did oprah winfrey bring to the viewers ?
oprah winfrey		" oprahfication "		what is oprahfication ?		the wall street journal coined the term " oprahfication " , meaning		what does this cause in society ?		... she makes people care because she cares .		what is a cause she supports ?		she is opposed to rap lyrics that " marginalize women " ,		what did she bring to the viewers ?		a new form of media communication known as " rapport talk " as distinguished from the " report talk " of phil donahue :		what is a hallmark of oprahfication ?		what is a hallmark of oprahfication ?
oprah winfrey		" oprahfication "		what is oprahfication ?		the wall street journal coined the term " oprahfication " , meaning		what does this cause in society ?		... she makes people care because she cares .		what is a cause she supports ?		she is opposed to rap lyrics that " marginalize women " ,		what did she bring to the viewers ?		a new form of media communication known as " rapport talk " as distinguished from the " report talk " of phil donahue :		what is a hallmark of oprahfication ?		she makes people care because she cares . that is winfrey 's genius , and will be her legacy ,		what topics did she cover ?		what topics did oprah winfrey cover ?
oprah winfrey		" oprahfication "		what is oprahfication ?		the wall street journal coined the term " oprahfication " , meaning		what does this cause in society ?		... she makes people care because she cares .		what is a cause she supports ?		she is opposed to rap lyrics that " marginalize women " ,		what did she bring to the viewers ?		a new form of media communication known as " rapport talk " as distinguished from the " report talk " of phil donahue :		what is a hallmark of oprahfication ?		she makes people care because she cares . that is winfrey 's genius , and will be her legacy ,		what topics did she cover ?		intimate details about her weight problems , tumultuous love life , and sexual abuse ,		who did this effect the viewers ?		who did oprahfication effect the viewers ?
oprah winfrey		" oprahfication "		what is oprahfication ?		the wall street journal coined the term " oprahfication " , meaning		what does this cause in society ?		... she makes people care because she cares .		what is a cause she supports ?		she is opposed to rap lyrics that " marginalize women " ,		what did she bring to the viewers ?		a new form of media communication known as " rapport talk " as distinguished from the " report talk " of phil donahue :		what is a hallmark of oprahfication ?		she makes people care because she cares . that is winfrey 's genius , and will be her legacy ,		what topics did she cover ?		intimate details about her weight problems , tumultuous love life , and sexual abuse ,		who did this effect the viewers ?		the changes she has wrought in the talk show continue to permeate our culture and shape our lives .		what do the critics think about her style ?		what do the critics think about oprah winfrey style ?
patty hearst		sla		what does sla stand for		what does sla stand for
patty hearst		sla		what does sla stand for		the sla was formed through contacts made by a study group , coordinated by a university of california ,		does it show dates sla was formed ?		does study group , coordinated by a university of california show dates sla was formed ?
patty hearst		sla		what does sla stand for		the sla was formed through contacts made by a study group , coordinated by a university of california ,		does it show dates sla was formed ?		i do n't know .		are there names listed of the group sla		are study group names listed of the group sla
patty hearst		sla		what does sla stand for		the sla was formed through contacts made by a study group , coordinated by a university of california ,		does it show dates sla was formed ?		i do n't know .		are there names listed of the group sla		radical penal activists and future sla members russell little and william wolfe took defreeze to patricia soltysik 's house .		what happened they took defreeze to patricias ' house ?		what happened radical penal activists and future sla members russell little and william wolfe took defreeze to patricias ' house ?
patty hearst		sla		what does sla stand for		the sla was formed through contacts made by a study group , coordinated by a university of california ,		does it show dates sla was formed ?		i do n't know .		are there names listed of the group sla		radical penal activists and future sla members russell little and william wolfe took defreeze to patricia soltysik 's house .		what happened they took defreeze to patricias ' house ?		donald defreeze escaped from prison .		was defreeze caught ?		was defreeze caught after escaped from prison ?
patty hearst		sla		what does sla stand for		the sla was formed through contacts made by a study group , coordinated by a university of california ,		does it show dates sla was formed ?		i do n't know .		are there names listed of the group sla		radical penal activists and future sla members russell little and william wolfe took defreeze to patricia soltysik 's house .		what happened they took defreeze to patricias ' house ?		donald defreeze escaped from prison .		was defreeze caught ?		i do n't know .		did something unexpected happen in the end ?		did something unexpected happen in the end ?
patty hearst		sla		what does sla stand for		the sla was formed through contacts made by a study group , coordinated by a university of california ,		does it show dates sla was formed ?		i do n't know .		are there names listed of the group sla		radical penal activists and future sla members russell little and william wolfe took defreeze to patricia soltysik 's house .		what happened they took defreeze to patricias ' house ?		donald defreeze escaped from prison .		was defreeze caught ?		i do n't know .		did something unexpected happen in the end ?		they acquired resources by robbing homes in the bay area .		what else happened of importance after robbing of homes in the bay area ?		other than robbing homes in the bay area what else happened of importance ?
patty hearst		sla		what does sla stand for		the sla was formed through contacts made by a study group , coordinated by a university of california ,		does it show dates sla was formed ?		i do n't know .		are there names listed of the group sla		radical penal activists and future sla members russell little and william wolfe took defreeze to patricia soltysik 's house .		what happened they took defreeze to patricias ' house ?		donald defreeze escaped from prison .		was defreeze caught ?		i do n't know .		did something unexpected happen in the end ?		they acquired resources by robbing homes in the bay area .		what else happened of importance after robbing of homes in the bay area ?		the first proposed operation , assassinating the head of the state penitentiaries , was cancelled because of possible repercussions for inmates ;		did sla escape ?		did sla escape ?
patty hearst		sla		what does sla stand for		the sla was formed through contacts made by a study group , coordinated by a university of california ,		does it show dates sla was formed ?		i do n't know .		are there names listed of the group sla		radical penal activists and future sla members russell little and william wolfe took defreeze to patricia soltysik 's house .		what happened they took defreeze to patricias ' house ?		donald defreeze escaped from prison .		was defreeze caught ?		i do n't know .		did something unexpected happen in the end ?		they acquired resources by robbing homes in the bay area .		what else happened of importance after robbing of homes in the bay area ?		the first proposed operation , assassinating the head of the state penitentiaries , was cancelled because of possible repercussions for inmates ;		did sla escape ?		i do n't know .		what year did sla form together ?		what year did sla form together ?
marcus whitman		the way west		why did whitman make his way west ?		why did whitman make his way west ?
marcus whitman		the way west		why did whitman make his way west ?		on may 25 , 1836 , the whitmans , and a group of other missionaries including henry and eliza spalding , joined a caravan of fur traders and traveled west .		were they going out there to be missionaries , too ?		were the fur traders going out there to be missionaries , too ?
marcus whitman		the way west		why did whitman make his way west ?		on may 25 , 1836 , the whitmans , and a group of other missionaries including henry and eliza spalding , joined a caravan of fur traders and traveled west .		were they going out there to be missionaries , too ?		the group established several missions as well as whitman 's settlement at a cayuse settlement called waiilatpu (		did they have a lot of followers ?		did the fur traders have a lot of followers ?
marcus whitman		the way west		why did whitman make his way west ?		on may 25 , 1836 , the whitmans , and a group of other missionaries including henry and eliza spalding , joined a caravan of fur traders and traveled west .		were they going out there to be missionaries , too ?		the group established several missions as well as whitman 's settlement at a cayuse settlement called waiilatpu (		did they have a lot of followers ?		the fur traders had seven covered wagons , each pulled by six mules .		were they able to help people out west ?		were the whitmans able to help people out west ?
marcus whitman		the way west		why did whitman make his way west ?		on may 25 , 1836 , the whitmans , and a group of other missionaries including henry and eliza spalding , joined a caravan of fur traders and traveled west .		were they going out there to be missionaries , too ?		the group established several missions as well as whitman 's settlement at a cayuse settlement called waiilatpu (		did they have a lot of followers ?		the fur traders had seven covered wagons , each pulled by six mules .		were they able to help people out west ?		the whitmans gave more attention to the settlers . they took in children to their own home and established a boarding school for settlers ' children .		were they rewarded for all their help ?		were the whitmans rewarded for all their help ?
marcus whitman		the way west		why did whitman make his way west ?		on may 25 , 1836 , the whitmans , and a group of other missionaries including henry and eliza spalding , joined a caravan of fur traders and traveled west .		were they going out there to be missionaries , too ?		the group established several missions as well as whitman 's settlement at a cayuse settlement called waiilatpu (		did they have a lot of followers ?		the fur traders had seven covered wagons , each pulled by six mules .		were they able to help people out west ?		the whitmans gave more attention to the settlers . they took in children to their own home and established a boarding school for settlers ' children .		were they rewarded for all their help ?		i do n't know .		anything else interesting about the move way west ?		other than the whitmans helping people out west , did anything else interesting about the move way west ?
phil spector		1954 - 1959 : teenage performer and lyricist		what were phil 's teenage years like ?		what were phil 's teenage years like ?
phil spector		1954 - 1959 : teenage performer and lyricist		what were phil 's teenage years like ?		while at fairfax , he joined a loose - knit community of aspiring musicians ,		who were these musicians ?		who were the community of musicians ?
phil spector		1954 - 1959 : teenage performer and lyricist		what were phil 's teenage years like ?		while at fairfax , he joined a loose - knit community of aspiring musicians ,		who were these musicians ?		lou adler , bruce johnston , steve douglas , and sandy nelson ,		did he perform at local venues ?		did spector perform at local venues ?
phil spector		1954 - 1959 : teenage performer and lyricist		what were phil 's teenage years like ?		while at fairfax , he joined a loose - knit community of aspiring musicians ,		who were these musicians ?		lou adler , bruce johnston , steve douglas , and sandy nelson ,		did he perform at local venues ?		spector performed " rock island line " in a talent show at fairfax high school , where he was a student .		what were some of his other achievments ?		what were spector 's other achievements besides performing at talent shows ?
sandra day o'connor		cases involving race		what was the most famous case involving race ?		what was the most famous case involving race ?
sandra day o'connor		cases involving race		what was the most famous case involving race ?		o'connor voted with the majority that district courts had no authority to require the state of missouri to increase school funding in order to counteract racial inequality .		did she support increasing school funding ?		did o'conner support increasing school funding ?
sandra day o'connor		cases involving race		what was the most famous case involving race ?		o'connor voted with the majority that district courts had no authority to require the state of missouri to increase school funding in order to counteract racial inequality .		did she support increasing school funding ?		o'connor joined a concurring opinion in a plurality , agreeing that a school district that had formerly been under judicial review for racial segregation could		what else is she known for ?		what else is o'conner known for other than her support for an increase in school funding ?
sandra day o'connor		cases involving race		what was the most famous case involving race ?		o'connor voted with the majority that district courts had no authority to require the state of missouri to increase school funding in order to counteract racial inequality .		did she support increasing school funding ?		o'connor joined a concurring opinion in a plurality , agreeing that a school district that had formerly been under judicial review for racial segregation could		what else is she known for ?		in 1987 's mccleskey v. kemp , o'connor joined a 5 - 4 majority that voted to uphold the death penalty for an african american man , warren mccleskey ,		did she work on any other death penalty cases ?		did o'conner work on any other death penalty cases other than the mccleskey v. kemp case ?
sandra day o'connor		cases involving race		what was the most famous case involving race ?		o'connor voted with the majority that district courts had no authority to require the state of missouri to increase school funding in order to counteract racial inequality .		did she support increasing school funding ?		o'connor joined a concurring opinion in a plurality , agreeing that a school district that had formerly been under judicial review for racial segregation could		what else is she known for ?		in 1987 's mccleskey v. kemp , o'connor joined a 5 - 4 majority that voted to uphold the death penalty for an african american man , warren mccleskey ,		did she work on any other death penalty cases ?		i do n't know .		what political party was she affiliated with ?		what political party was o'conner affiliated with ?
ayumi hamasaki		childhood and early endeavors		what did she do in her childhood that 's of importance ?		what did ayumi hamasaki do in her childhood that 's of importance ?
ayumi hamasaki		childhood and early endeavors		what did she do in her childhood that 's of importance ?		born in fukuoka prefecture , hamasaki was raised as an only child by her mother and grandmother . her father had left the family when she was three		why did he leave ?		why did ayumi hamasaki 's father leave ?
ayumi hamasaki		childhood and early endeavors		what did she do in her childhood that 's of importance ?		born in fukuoka prefecture , hamasaki was raised as an only child by her mother and grandmother . her father had left the family when she was three		why did he leave ?		i do n't know .		what were some of her early endeavors ?		what were some of ayumi hamasaki 's early endeavors ?
ayumi hamasaki		childhood and early endeavors		what did she do in her childhood that 's of importance ?		born in fukuoka prefecture , hamasaki was raised as an only child by her mother and grandmother . her father had left the family when she was three		why did he leave ?		i do n't know .		what were some of her early endeavors ?		at age seven , hamasaki began modeling for local institutions ,		where did she model ?		where did ayumi hamasaki model ?
ayumi hamasaki		childhood and early endeavors		what did she do in her childhood that 's of importance ?		born in fukuoka prefecture , hamasaki was raised as an only child by her mother and grandmother . her father had left the family when she was three		why did he leave ?		i do n't know .		what were some of her early endeavors ?		at age seven , hamasaki began modeling for local institutions ,		where did she model ?		for local institutions , such as banks , in order to supplement the family 's income .		was she successful ?		was ayumi hamasaki successful ?
ayumi hamasaki		childhood and early endeavors		what did she do in her childhood that 's of importance ?		born in fukuoka prefecture , hamasaki was raised as an only child by her mother and grandmother . her father had left the family when she was three		why did he leave ?		i do n't know .		what were some of her early endeavors ?		at age seven , hamasaki began modeling for local institutions ,		where did she model ?		for local institutions , such as banks , in order to supplement the family 's income .		was she successful ?		she continued this career path by leaving her family at fourteen and moving to tokyo as a model under sos , a talent agency . her modeling career did not last long ;		why did n't it last ?		why did n't ayumi hamasaki 's model career last ?
ayumi hamasaki		childhood and early endeavors		what did she do in her childhood that 's of importance ?		born in fukuoka prefecture , hamasaki was raised as an only child by her mother and grandmother . her father had left the family when she was three		why did he leave ?		i do n't know .		what were some of her early endeavors ?		at age seven , hamasaki began modeling for local institutions ,		where did she model ?		for local institutions , such as banks , in order to supplement the family 's income .		was she successful ?		she continued this career path by leaving her family at fourteen and moving to tokyo as a model under sos , a talent agency . her modeling career did not last long ;		why did n't it last ?		sos eventually deemed her too short for a model and transferred her to sun music , a musicians ' agency .		did she work with anyone of note ?		did ayumi hamasaki work with anyone of note at sun music ?
ayumi hamasaki		childhood and early endeavors		what did she do in her childhood that 's of importance ?		born in fukuoka prefecture , hamasaki was raised as an only child by her mother and grandmother . her father had left the family when she was three		why did he leave ?		i do n't know .		what were some of her early endeavors ?		at age seven , hamasaki began modeling for local institutions ,		where did she model ?		for local institutions , such as banks , in order to supplement the family 's income .		was she successful ?		she continued this career path by leaving her family at fourteen and moving to tokyo as a model under sos , a talent agency . her modeling career did not last long ;		why did n't it last ?		sos eventually deemed her too short for a model and transferred her to sun music , a musicians ' agency .		did she work with anyone of note ?		from august 1995 to march 1996 , hamasaki also co - hosted the soundlink " magazine " hokago no osama ( after - school king ) for the nintendo satellaview		what else did she do while co hosting ?		besides cohosting , what was ayumi hamasaki involved in ?
ayumi hamasaki		childhood and early endeavors		what did she do in her childhood that 's of importance ?		born in fukuoka prefecture , hamasaki was raised as an only child by her mother and grandmother . her father had left the family when she was three		why did he leave ?		i do n't know .		what were some of her early endeavors ?		at age seven , hamasaki began modeling for local institutions ,		where did she model ?		for local institutions , such as banks , in order to supplement the family 's income .		was she successful ?		she continued this career path by leaving her family at fourteen and moving to tokyo as a model under sos , a talent agency . her modeling career did not last long ;		why did n't it last ?		sos eventually deemed her too short for a model and transferred her to sun music , a musicians ' agency .		did she work with anyone of note ?		from august 1995 to march 1996 , hamasaki also co - hosted the soundlink " magazine " hokago no osama ( after - school king ) for the nintendo satellaview		what else did she do while co hosting ?		growing dissatisfied with her job , hamasaki quit acting and moved in with her mother , who had recently moved to tokyo .		what did she do after she moved in with her mother ?		what did ayumi hamasaki do after she moved in with her mother ?
ayumi hamasaki		childhood and early endeavors		what did she do in her childhood that 's of importance ?		born in fukuoka prefecture , hamasaki was raised as an only child by her mother and grandmother . her father had left the family when she was three		why did he leave ?		i do n't know .		what were some of her early endeavors ?		at age seven , hamasaki began modeling for local institutions ,		where did she model ?		for local institutions , such as banks , in order to supplement the family 's income .		was she successful ?		she continued this career path by leaving her family at fourteen and moving to tokyo as a model under sos , a talent agency . her modeling career did not last long ;		why did n't it last ?		sos eventually deemed her too short for a model and transferred her to sun music , a musicians ' agency .		did she work with anyone of note ?		from august 1995 to march 1996 , hamasaki also co - hosted the soundlink " magazine " hokago no osama ( after - school king ) for the nintendo satellaview		what else did she do while co hosting ?		growing dissatisfied with her job , hamasaki quit acting and moved in with her mother , who had recently moved to tokyo .		what did she do after she moved in with her mother ?		while living in tokyo , she attempted to further her studies at horikoshi gakuen , a high school for the arts , but dropped out in the first year .		why did she drop out ?		why ayumi hamasaki drop out of high school her first year ?
ayumi hamasaki		childhood and early endeavors		what did she do in her childhood that 's of importance ?		born in fukuoka prefecture , hamasaki was raised as an only child by her mother and grandmother . her father had left the family when she was three		why did he leave ?		i do n't know .		what were some of her early endeavors ?		at age seven , hamasaki began modeling for local institutions ,		where did she model ?		for local institutions , such as banks , in order to supplement the family 's income .		was she successful ?		she continued this career path by leaving her family at fourteen and moving to tokyo as a model under sos , a talent agency . her modeling career did not last long ;		why did n't it last ?		sos eventually deemed her too short for a model and transferred her to sun music , a musicians ' agency .		did she work with anyone of note ?		from august 1995 to march 1996 , hamasaki also co - hosted the soundlink " magazine " hokago no osama ( after - school king ) for the nintendo satellaview		what else did she do while co hosting ?		growing dissatisfied with her job , hamasaki quit acting and moved in with her mother , who had recently moved to tokyo .		what did she do after she moved in with her mother ?		while living in tokyo , she attempted to further her studies at horikoshi gakuen , a high school for the arts , but dropped out in the first year .		why did she drop out ?		hamasaki did not attend school or have a job , so she spent much of her time shopping at shibuya boutiques and dancing at velfarre , an avex - owned disco club .		did she gain any recognition from dancing ?		did ayumi hamasaki gain any recognition from dancing at velfarre ?
ernest shackleton		between the discovery and nimrod expeditions , 1903 - 07		what happened in 1903		what happened to ernest shackleton in 1903 ?
ernest shackleton		between the discovery and nimrod expeditions , 1903 - 07		what happened in 1903		as the first significant person to return from the antarctic , he found that he was in demand ;		in demand for what		what was ernest shackleton in demand for in 1903 ?
ernest shackleton		between the discovery and nimrod expeditions , 1903 - 07		what happened in 1903		as the first significant person to return from the antarctic , he found that he was in demand ;		in demand for what		the admiralty wished to consult him about its further proposals for the rescue of discovery .		what are some other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from ernest shackleton return from the antarctic , what are some other interesting aspects about this article ?
ernest shackleton		between the discovery and nimrod expeditions , 1903 - 07		what happened in 1903		as the first significant person to return from the antarctic , he found that he was in demand ;		in demand for what		the admiralty wished to consult him about its further proposals for the rescue of discovery .		what are some other interesting aspects about this article ?		in search of more permanent employment , shackleton applied for a regular commission in the royal navy , via the back - door route of the supplementary list ,		why was he applying for employment		why was ernest shackleton applying for employment after his antarctic return ?
ernest shackleton		between the discovery and nimrod expeditions , 1903 - 07		what happened in 1903		as the first significant person to return from the antarctic , he found that he was in demand ;		in demand for what		the admiralty wished to consult him about its further proposals for the rescue of discovery .		what are some other interesting aspects about this article ?		in search of more permanent employment , shackleton applied for a regular commission in the royal navy , via the back - door route of the supplementary list ,		why was he applying for employment		he was not successful . instead , he became a journalist , working for the royal magazine , but he found this unsatisfactory .		why was it unsatisfactory		why did ernest shackleton find being a journalist to be unsatisfactory ?
ernest shackleton		between the discovery and nimrod expeditions , 1903 - 07		what happened in 1903		as the first significant person to return from the antarctic , he found that he was in demand ;		in demand for what		the admiralty wished to consult him about its further proposals for the rescue of discovery .		what are some other interesting aspects about this article ?		in search of more permanent employment , shackleton applied for a regular commission in the royal navy , via the back - door route of the supplementary list ,		why was he applying for employment		he was not successful . instead , he became a journalist , working for the royal magazine , but he found this unsatisfactory .		why was it unsatisfactory		i do n't know .		what else did he do in his career		aside from his antarctic return and journalism , what else did ernest shackleton do in his career
robert m. price		hero archetype		why was he a hero ?		what did robert m. price do to be a hero .
robert m. price		hero archetype		why was he a hero ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to being a hero , was robert m. price known for anything else ?
robert m. price		hero archetype		why was he a hero ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he views jesus of nazareth as an invented figure conforming to the rank - raglan mythotype .		why were these his views ?		what were robert m. prices religious views ?
robert m. price		hero archetype		why was he a hero ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he views jesus of nazareth as an invented figure conforming to the rank - raglan mythotype .		why were these his views ?		suggesting that the early christians adopted the model for the figure of jesus from the popular mediterranean dying - rising saviour myths of the time ,		did they adopt it ?		did robert m. price adopt christianity ?
robert m. price		hero archetype		why was he a hero ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he views jesus of nazareth as an invented figure conforming to the rank - raglan mythotype .		why were these his views ?		suggesting that the early christians adopted the model for the figure of jesus from the popular mediterranean dying - rising saviour myths of the time ,		did they adopt it ?		i do n't know .		was he married ?		did robert m. price ever marry ?
robert m. price		hero archetype		why was he a hero ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he views jesus of nazareth as an invented figure conforming to the rank - raglan mythotype .		why were these his views ?		suggesting that the early christians adopted the model for the figure of jesus from the popular mediterranean dying - rising saviour myths of the time ,		did they adopt it ?		i do n't know .		was he married ?		i do n't know .		did he have a family ?		did robert m. price have a family ?
clint eastwood		music		what kind of music does clint eastwood like ?		what kind of music does clint eastwood like ?
clint eastwood		music		what kind of music does clint eastwood like ?		eastwood favors jazz ( especially bebop ) , blues , classic rhythm and blues , classical , and country - and - western music ;		does he play a musical instrument ?		does eastwood play a musical instrument ?
clint eastwood		music		what kind of music does clint eastwood like ?		eastwood favors jazz ( especially bebop ) , blues , classic rhythm and blues , classical , and country - and - western music ;		does he play a musical instrument ?		he is also a pianist		is he part of a record label ?		is eastwood part of a record label ?
clint eastwood		music		what kind of music does clint eastwood like ?		eastwood favors jazz ( especially bebop ) , blues , classic rhythm and blues , classical , and country - and - western music ;		does he play a musical instrument ?		he is also a pianist		is he part of a record label ?		eastwood has his own warner bros. records - distributed imprint malpaso records , as part of his deal with warner brothers ,		what music did his label release ?		what music did warner bros release ?
clint eastwood		music		what kind of music does clint eastwood like ?		eastwood favors jazz ( especially bebop ) , blues , classic rhythm and blues , classical , and country - and - western music ;		does he play a musical instrument ?		he is also a pianist		is he part of a record label ?		eastwood has his own warner bros. records - distributed imprint malpaso records , as part of his deal with warner brothers ,		what music did his label release ?		which has released all of the scores of eastwood 's films from the bridges of madison county onward .		did he make music for any other movies ?		along with the bridges of madison county did eastwood make music for any other movies ?
clint eastwood		music		what kind of music does clint eastwood like ?		eastwood favors jazz ( especially bebop ) , blues , classic rhythm and blues , classical , and country - and - western music ;		does he play a musical instrument ?		he is also a pianist		is he part of a record label ?		eastwood has his own warner bros. records - distributed imprint malpaso records , as part of his deal with warner brothers ,		what music did his label release ?		which has released all of the scores of eastwood 's films from the bridges of madison county onward .		did he make music for any other movies ?		eastwood composed the film scores of mystic river , million dollar baby , flags of our fathers , grace is gone , changeling , hereafter , j. edgar ,		has he received any awards ?		has eastwood received any awards ?
clint eastwood		music		what kind of music does clint eastwood like ?		eastwood favors jazz ( especially bebop ) , blues , classic rhythm and blues , classical , and country - and - western music ;		does he play a musical instrument ?		he is also a pianist		is he part of a record label ?		eastwood has his own warner bros. records - distributed imprint malpaso records , as part of his deal with warner brothers ,		what music did his label release ?		which has released all of the scores of eastwood 's films from the bridges of madison county onward .		did he make music for any other movies ?		eastwood composed the film scores of mystic river , million dollar baby , flags of our fathers , grace is gone , changeling , hereafter , j. edgar ,		has he received any awards ?		the music in grace is gone received two golden globe nominations by the hollywood foreign press association for the 65th golden globe awards .		was he nominated for any other awards ?		besides his golden globe nominations was eastwood been nominated for any other awards ?
clint eastwood		music		what kind of music does clint eastwood like ?		eastwood favors jazz ( especially bebop ) , blues , classic rhythm and blues , classical , and country - and - western music ;		does he play a musical instrument ?		he is also a pianist		is he part of a record label ?		eastwood has his own warner bros. records - distributed imprint malpaso records , as part of his deal with warner brothers ,		what music did his label release ?		which has released all of the scores of eastwood 's films from the bridges of madison county onward .		did he make music for any other movies ?		eastwood composed the film scores of mystic river , million dollar baby , flags of our fathers , grace is gone , changeling , hereafter , j. edgar ,		has he received any awards ?		the music in grace is gone received two golden globe nominations by the hollywood foreign press association for the 65th golden globe awards .		was he nominated for any other awards ?		nominated for best original score , while the song " grace is gone " with music by eastwood and lyrics by carole bayer sager was nominated for best original song .		has he received any other important awards ?		aside from best score has eastwood received any other important awards ?
tristan tzara		chemarea and 1915 departure		what was chemarea ?		what was chemarea ?
tristan tzara		chemarea and 1915 departure		what was chemarea ?		short - lived journal chemarea ,		did tristan have a part in it ?		did tristan have a part in the journal chemarea ?
tristan tzara		chemarea and 1915 departure		what was chemarea ?		short - lived journal chemarea ,		did tristan have a part in it ?		the first printed works to bear the signature tristan tzara .		why was it short - live ?		why was the journal chemarea short - lived ?
tristan tzara		chemarea and 1915 departure		what was chemarea ?		short - lived journal chemarea ,		did tristan have a part in it ?		the first printed works to bear the signature tristan tzara .		why was it short - live ?		i do n't know .		what happened in 1915		what happened in 1915 with the journal chemarea ?
tristan tzara		chemarea and 1915 departure		what was chemarea ?		short - lived journal chemarea ,		did tristan have a part in it ?		the first printed works to bear the signature tristan tzara .		why was it short - live ?		i do n't know .		what happened in 1915		constantin radulescu - motru 's noua revista romana published samyro 's known poem verisoara ,		did it win awards ?		did the journal chemarea win awards ?
michael portillo		in government		what did he do in government ?		what did michale protillo do in government ?
michael portillo		in government		what did he do in government ?		in 1987 , portillo was given his first ministerial post , as parliamentary under - secretary of state for social security ;		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides working as under - secretary of state for social security , are there any other interesting aspects about michael portillo ?
michael portillo		in government		what did he do in government ?		in 1987 , portillo was given his first ministerial post , as parliamentary under - secretary of state for social security ;		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1990 , portillo was appointed minister of state for local government , in which post he argued in favour of the ultimately highly unpopular community charge system (		did he have any other government roles ?		in addition to being appointed minister of state for local government and being under - secretary of state for social security , did michael portillo have any other government roles ?
michael portillo		in government		what did he do in government ?		in 1987 , portillo was given his first ministerial post , as parliamentary under - secretary of state for social security ;		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1990 , portillo was appointed minister of state for local government , in which post he argued in favour of the ultimately highly unpopular community charge system (		did he have any other government roles ?		his rise continued under john major ; he was made a cabinet minister in 1992 as chief secretary to the treasury and was admitted to the privy council the same year .		what kinds of issues was he involved in ?		what kinds of issues was michael portillo involved in ?
michael portillo		in government		what did he do in government ?		in 1987 , portillo was given his first ministerial post , as parliamentary under - secretary of state for social security ;		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1990 , portillo was appointed minister of state for local government , in which post he argued in favour of the ultimately highly unpopular community charge system (		did he have any other government roles ?		his rise continued under john major ; he was made a cabinet minister in 1992 as chief secretary to the treasury and was admitted to the privy council the same year .		what kinds of issues was he involved in ?		as defence secretary , portillo became the object of criticism when he invoked the motto of the sas , " who dares , wins " , at a speech at the 1995 conservative party annual conference .		did he receive any other criticism on other issues ?		besides receiving criticism for invoking the motto of the sas , did michael portillo receive any other criticism on other issues ?
yair lapid		political career		when did he get his start in politics ?		when did yair lapid get his start in politics ?
yair lapid		political career		when did he get his start in politics ?		on 8 january 2012 lapid announced that he would be leaving journalism in order to enter politics .		what did he want to do in politics ?		what did yair lapid want to do in politics ?
yair lapid		political career		when did he get his start in politics ?		on 8 january 2012 lapid announced that he would be leaving journalism in order to enter politics .		what did he want to do in politics ?		lapid formally registered his party , " yesh atid " (		what did he do when he left journalism for politics ?		what did yair lapid do when he left journalism for politics ?
yair lapid		political career		when did he get his start in politics ?		on 8 january 2012 lapid announced that he would be leaving journalism in order to enter politics .		what did he want to do in politics ?		lapid formally registered his party , " yesh atid " (		what did he do when he left journalism for politics ?		on 30 april 2012 lapid formally registered his party , " yesh atid " ( hebrew : ysh ` tyd , lit . " there 's a future " ) .		what was his platform ?		what was yair lapid platform ?
yair lapid		political career		when did he get his start in politics ?		on 8 january 2012 lapid announced that he would be leaving journalism in order to enter politics .		what did he want to do in politics ?		lapid formally registered his party , " yesh atid " (		what did he do when he left journalism for politics ?		on 30 april 2012 lapid formally registered his party , " yesh atid " ( hebrew : ysh ` tyd , lit . " there 's a future " ) .		what was his platform ?		i do n't know .		what was his biggest accomplishment ?		what was yair lapid biggest accomplishment ?
yair lapid		political career		when did he get his start in politics ?		on 8 january 2012 lapid announced that he would be leaving journalism in order to enter politics .		what did he want to do in politics ?		lapid formally registered his party , " yesh atid " (		what did he do when he left journalism for politics ?		on 30 april 2012 lapid formally registered his party , " yesh atid " ( hebrew : ysh ` tyd , lit . " there 's a future " ) .		what was his platform ?		i do n't know .		what was his biggest accomplishment ?		lapid was named israel 's finance minister on 15 march 2013 .		what did he achieve in this role ?		what did yair lapid achieve as israel 's finance minister ?
yair lapid		political career		when did he get his start in politics ?		on 8 january 2012 lapid announced that he would be leaving journalism in order to enter politics .		what did he want to do in politics ?		lapid formally registered his party , " yesh atid " (		what did he do when he left journalism for politics ?		on 30 april 2012 lapid formally registered his party , " yesh atid " ( hebrew : ysh ` tyd , lit . " there 's a future " ) .		what was his platform ?		i do n't know .		what was his biggest accomplishment ?		lapid was named israel 's finance minister on 15 march 2013 .		what did he achieve in this role ?		was named israel 's finance minister on 15 march 2013 . only nine months later , a survey was published showing a continuing trend of decreasing popularity with 75 %		how long did he stay in the finance minister role ?		how long did yair lapid stay in the finance minister role ?
troubadour		trobadors and joglars		what is the joglars ?		what are joglars ?
troubadour		trobadors and joglars		what is the joglars ?		a distinction was definitely being made between an inventor of original verse and the performers of others ' . these last were called joglars ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than joglars are there any other interesting aspects about this article aside from troubadour , trobadors ?
troubadour		trobadors and joglars		what is the joglars ?		a distinction was definitely being made between an inventor of original verse and the performers of others ' . these last were called joglars ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		joglar was a courtly entertainer ( as opposed to popular or low - class one ) and a troubadour was a poet and composer .		who used them ?		who used joglars ?
troubadour		trobadors and joglars		what is the joglars ?		a distinction was definitely being made between an inventor of original verse and the performers of others ' . these last were called joglars ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		joglar was a courtly entertainer ( as opposed to popular or low - class one ) and a troubadour was a poet and composer .		who used them ?		i do n't know .		can you tell more more about what role the joglars payed ?		tell me more about , what role did the joglars play ?
troubadour		trobadors and joglars		what is the joglars ?		a distinction was definitely being made between an inventor of original verse and the performers of others ' . these last were called joglars ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		joglar was a courtly entertainer ( as opposed to popular or low - class one ) and a troubadour was a poet and composer .		who used them ?		i do n't know .		can you tell more more about what role the joglars payed ?		they often performed the troubadour 's songs : singing , playing instruments , dancing , and even doing acrobatics .		were they paid ?		were the joglars paid ?
troubadour		trobadors and joglars		what is the joglars ?		a distinction was definitely being made between an inventor of original verse and the performers of others ' . these last were called joglars ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		joglar was a courtly entertainer ( as opposed to popular or low - class one ) and a troubadour was a poet and composer .		who used them ?		i do n't know .		can you tell more more about what role the joglars payed ?		they often performed the troubadour 's songs : singing , playing instruments , dancing , and even doing acrobatics .		were they paid ?		i do n't know .		what role did the trobadors play ?		what role did the trobadors play ?
troubadour		trobadors and joglars		what is the joglars ?		a distinction was definitely being made between an inventor of original verse and the performers of others ' . these last were called joglars ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		joglar was a courtly entertainer ( as opposed to popular or low - class one ) and a troubadour was a poet and composer .		who used them ?		i do n't know .		can you tell more more about what role the joglars payed ?		they often performed the troubadour 's songs : singing , playing instruments , dancing , and even doing acrobatics .		were they paid ?		i do n't know .		what role did the trobadors play ?		noted , many troubadours were also known as jongleurs , either before they began composing or alongside .		what were they know to compose ?		did joglars know how to compose ?
troubadour		trobadors and joglars		what is the joglars ?		a distinction was definitely being made between an inventor of original verse and the performers of others ' . these last were called joglars ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		joglar was a courtly entertainer ( as opposed to popular or low - class one ) and a troubadour was a poet and composer .		who used them ?		i do n't know .		can you tell more more about what role the joglars payed ?		they often performed the troubadour 's songs : singing , playing instruments , dancing , and even doing acrobatics .		were they paid ?		i do n't know .		what role did the trobadors play ?		noted , many troubadours were also known as jongleurs , either before they began composing or alongside .		what were they know to compose ?		the term was used mostly for poetry only		where there any famous trobadors ?		where there any famous trobadors ?
janet gaynor		marriages and relationships		who was janet gaynor romantically involved ?		who was janet gaynor romantically involved ?
janet gaynor		marriages and relationships		who was janet gaynor romantically involved ?		gaynor was romantically involved with her friend and frequent co - star , charles farrell , during the time of their work together in silent film , until she married her first husband .		how many times did janet gaynor marry ?		how many times did janet gaynor marry ?
janet gaynor		marriages and relationships		who was janet gaynor romantically involved ?		gaynor was romantically involved with her friend and frequent co - star , charles farrell , during the time of their work together in silent film , until she married her first husband .		how many times did janet gaynor marry ?		gaynor was married three times and had one child .		who did janet gaynor marry the first time ?		who did janet gaynor marry the first time ?
janet gaynor		marriages and relationships		who was janet gaynor romantically involved ?		gaynor was romantically involved with her friend and frequent co - star , charles farrell , during the time of their work together in silent film , until she married her first husband .		how many times did janet gaynor marry ?		gaynor was married three times and had one child .		who did janet gaynor marry the first time ?		douglas fairbanks jr.		who did janet gaynor marry in 1939 ?		who did janet gaynor marry in 1939 ?
janet gaynor		marriages and relationships		who was janet gaynor romantically involved ?		gaynor was romantically involved with her friend and frequent co - star , charles farrell , during the time of their work together in silent film , until she married her first husband .		how many times did janet gaynor marry ?		gaynor was married three times and had one child .		who did janet gaynor marry the first time ?		douglas fairbanks jr.		who did janet gaynor marry in 1939 ?		on august 14 , 1939 , she married mgm costume designer gilbert adrian in yuma , arizona .		why was janet gaynor marriage to gilbert adrian was called a lavender marriage ?		why was janet gaynor marriage to gilbert adrian was called a lavender marriage ?
nick carter ( musician )		solo career		when did he go out on his solor career ?		when did nick carter ( musician ) go out on his solo career ?
nick carter ( musician )		solo career		when did he go out on his solor career ?		in 2002 , when the backstreet boys expressed a strong desire to leave their management company , the firm , carter chose to remain with them to manage his solo career .		was the band upset by this ?		was the backstreet boys band upset by nick carter ( musician ) to go out on his solo career ?
nick carter ( musician )		solo career		when did he go out on his solor career ?		in 2002 , when the backstreet boys expressed a strong desire to leave their management company , the firm , carter chose to remain with them to manage his solo career .		was the band upset by this ?		i do n't know .		what was his first solo song ?		what was nick carter ( musician ) 's first solo song ?
nick carter ( musician )		solo career		when did he go out on his solor career ?		in 2002 , when the backstreet boys expressed a strong desire to leave their management company , the firm , carter chose to remain with them to manage his solo career .		was the band upset by this ?		i do n't know .		what was his first solo song ?		the lead single , " help me " achieved considerable worldwide success while the other single , " i got you " was a minor hit in europe .		were there other songs or albums ?		were there other solo songs or albums other than " help me " and " i got you " by nick carter ( musician ) ?
carmelo anthony		oklahoma city thunder ( 2017-present )		in what team does carmelo anthony play ?		in what team does carmelo anthony play ?
carmelo anthony		oklahoma city thunder ( 2017-present )		in what team does carmelo anthony play ?		on september 25 , 2017 , anthony was traded to the thunder in exchange for enes kanter , doug mcdermott and a 2018 second - round pick .		in what team did anthony play before playing for the thunders ?		in what team did carmelo anthony play before playing for the thunders ?
carmelo anthony		oklahoma city thunder ( 2017-present )		in what team does carmelo anthony play ?		on september 25 , 2017 , anthony was traded to the thunder in exchange for enes kanter , doug mcdermott and a 2018 second - round pick .		in what team did anthony play before playing for the thunders ?		i do n't know .		what are some of the performance stats of carmelo on the team ?		what are some of the performance stats of carmelo on the oklahoma city thunder team ?
carmelo anthony		oklahoma city thunder ( 2017-present )		in what team does carmelo anthony play ?		on september 25 , 2017 , anthony was traded to the thunder in exchange for enes kanter , doug mcdermott and a 2018 second - round pick .		in what team did anthony play before playing for the thunders ?		i do n't know .		what are some of the performance stats of carmelo on the team ?		anthony passed allen iverson on the nba all - time scoring list and moved to the 24th spot .		has anthony won any championships with the team ?		has carmelo anthony won any championships with the oklahoma city thunder team ?
carmelo anthony		oklahoma city thunder ( 2017-present )		in what team does carmelo anthony play ?		on september 25 , 2017 , anthony was traded to the thunder in exchange for enes kanter , doug mcdermott and a 2018 second - round pick .		in what team did anthony play before playing for the thunders ?		i do n't know .		what are some of the performance stats of carmelo on the team ?		anthony passed allen iverson on the nba all - time scoring list and moved to the 24th spot .		has anthony won any championships with the team ?		i do n't know .		what is the name of his coach ?		what is the name of carmelo anthony 's coach ?
shahid kapoor		commercial fluctuations ( 2010 - 13 )		what are some movies or shows he worked on ?		what are some movies or shows kapoor worked on ?
shahid kapoor		commercial fluctuations ( 2010 - 13 )		what are some movies or shows he worked on ?		in 2010 , kapoor reteamed with ken ghosh in chance pe dance ,		was chance pe dance successful ?		was chance pe dance successful ?
shahid kapoor		commercial fluctuations ( 2010 - 13 )		what are some movies or shows he worked on ?		in 2010 , kapoor reteamed with ken ghosh in chance pe dance ,		was chance pe dance successful ?		performance was described as " uneven " by aniruddha guha of daily news and analysis .		what other shows or events did he apear in ?		what other shows or events did kapoor apear in besides chance pe dance ?
shahid kapoor		commercial fluctuations ( 2010 - 13 )		what are some movies or shows he worked on ?		in 2010 , kapoor reteamed with ken ghosh in chance pe dance ,		was chance pe dance successful ?		performance was described as " uneven " by aniruddha guha of daily news and analysis .		what other shows or events did he apear in ?		he had a supporting role in paathshaala , a drama about the education system in india , starring nana patekar ,		are there any roles or appearances that he was not successful in ?		are there any roles or appearances kapoor was not successful in ?
shahid kapoor		commercial fluctuations ( 2010 - 13 )		what are some movies or shows he worked on ?		in 2010 , kapoor reteamed with ken ghosh in chance pe dance ,		was chance pe dance successful ?		performance was described as " uneven " by aniruddha guha of daily news and analysis .		what other shows or events did he apear in ?		he had a supporting role in paathshaala , a drama about the education system in india , starring nana patekar ,		are there any roles or appearances that he was not successful in ?		kapoor next appeared in his father 's directorial mausam ( 2011 ) ;		what did people think of him in mausam ?		what did people think of kapoor in mausam ?
shahid kapoor		commercial fluctuations ( 2010 - 13 )		what are some movies or shows he worked on ?		in 2010 , kapoor reteamed with ken ghosh in chance pe dance ,		was chance pe dance successful ?		performance was described as " uneven " by aniruddha guha of daily news and analysis .		what other shows or events did he apear in ?		he had a supporting role in paathshaala , a drama about the education system in india , starring nana patekar ,		are there any roles or appearances that he was not successful in ?		kapoor next appeared in his father 's directorial mausam ( 2011 ) ;		what did people think of him in mausam ?		shahid kapoor is terrific as the small - town brat " . the film was a box office flop and kapoor was later regretful for spending so much time on the project .		was there any other movie or role he did not do well in ?		was there any other movie or role kapoor did not do well in besides mausam ?
shahid kapoor		commercial fluctuations ( 2010 - 13 )		what are some movies or shows he worked on ?		in 2010 , kapoor reteamed with ken ghosh in chance pe dance ,		was chance pe dance successful ?		performance was described as " uneven " by aniruddha guha of daily news and analysis .		what other shows or events did he apear in ?		he had a supporting role in paathshaala , a drama about the education system in india , starring nana patekar ,		are there any roles or appearances that he was not successful in ?		kapoor next appeared in his father 's directorial mausam ( 2011 ) ;		what did people think of him in mausam ?		shahid kapoor is terrific as the small - town brat " . the film was a box office flop and kapoor was later regretful for spending so much time on the project .		was there any other movie or role he did not do well in ?		the comedy phata poster nikhla hero from director rajkumar santoshi was kapoor 's first release of 2013 .		what was bad about the phata poster comedy ?		what was bad about the phata poster nikhla hero comedy ?
shahid kapoor		commercial fluctuations ( 2010 - 13 )		what are some movies or shows he worked on ?		in 2010 , kapoor reteamed with ken ghosh in chance pe dance ,		was chance pe dance successful ?		performance was described as " uneven " by aniruddha guha of daily news and analysis .		what other shows or events did he apear in ?		he had a supporting role in paathshaala , a drama about the education system in india , starring nana patekar ,		are there any roles or appearances that he was not successful in ?		kapoor next appeared in his father 's directorial mausam ( 2011 ) ;		what did people think of him in mausam ?		shahid kapoor is terrific as the small - town brat " . the film was a box office flop and kapoor was later regretful for spending so much time on the project .		was there any other movie or role he did not do well in ?		the comedy phata poster nikhla hero from director rajkumar santoshi was kapoor 's first release of 2013 .		what was bad about the phata poster comedy ?		in a scathing review , saibal chatterjee of ndtv called the film a " massive mess " and wrote that kapoor " ends up looking more moronic than macho " in it .		was there any other critic that said something harsh about the film ?		was there any critic other than saibal chatterjee that said something harsh about phata poster nikhla hero ?
shahid kapoor		commercial fluctuations ( 2010 - 13 )		what are some movies or shows he worked on ?		in 2010 , kapoor reteamed with ken ghosh in chance pe dance ,		was chance pe dance successful ?		performance was described as " uneven " by aniruddha guha of daily news and analysis .		what other shows or events did he apear in ?		he had a supporting role in paathshaala , a drama about the education system in india , starring nana patekar ,		are there any roles or appearances that he was not successful in ?		kapoor next appeared in his father 's directorial mausam ( 2011 ) ;		what did people think of him in mausam ?		shahid kapoor is terrific as the small - town brat " . the film was a box office flop and kapoor was later regretful for spending so much time on the project .		was there any other movie or role he did not do well in ?		the comedy phata poster nikhla hero from director rajkumar santoshi was kapoor 's first release of 2013 .		what was bad about the phata poster comedy ?		in a scathing review , saibal chatterjee of ndtv called the film a " massive mess " and wrote that kapoor " ends up looking more moronic than macho " in it .		was there any other critic that said something harsh about the film ?		i do n't know .		did it have a bad effect on his future work ?		did the scathing review by saibal chatterjee have a bad effect on kapoor 's future work ?
shahid kapoor		commercial fluctuations ( 2010 - 13 )		what are some movies or shows he worked on ?		in 2010 , kapoor reteamed with ken ghosh in chance pe dance ,		was chance pe dance successful ?		performance was described as " uneven " by aniruddha guha of daily news and analysis .		what other shows or events did he apear in ?		he had a supporting role in paathshaala , a drama about the education system in india , starring nana patekar ,		are there any roles or appearances that he was not successful in ?		kapoor next appeared in his father 's directorial mausam ( 2011 ) ;		what did people think of him in mausam ?		shahid kapoor is terrific as the small - town brat " . the film was a box office flop and kapoor was later regretful for spending so much time on the project .		was there any other movie or role he did not do well in ?		the comedy phata poster nikhla hero from director rajkumar santoshi was kapoor 's first release of 2013 .		what was bad about the phata poster comedy ?		in a scathing review , saibal chatterjee of ndtv called the film a " massive mess " and wrote that kapoor " ends up looking more moronic than macho " in it .		was there any other critic that said something harsh about the film ?		i do n't know .		did it have a bad effect on his future work ?		i do n't know .		what other roles did he work in ?		what roles did kapoor work in besides phata poster nikhla hero , chance pe dance , and mausam ?
chamillionaire		2005 - 2006 : the sound of revenge		what happened in 2005 ?		what happened to chamillionaire in 2005 ?
chamillionaire		2005 - 2006 : the sound of revenge		what happened in 2005 ?		the second installment to the mixtape messiah series , mixtape messiah 2 , was released january 5 , 2006 .		did it do well on the charts ?		did mixtape messiah 2 do well on the charts ?
chamillionaire		2005 - 2006 : the sound of revenge		what happened in 2005 ?		the second installment to the mixtape messiah series , mixtape messiah 2 , was released january 5 , 2006 .		did it do well on the charts ?		i do n't know .		what is the sound of revenge ?		what is the sound of revenge ?
chamillionaire		2005 - 2006 : the sound of revenge		what happened in 2005 ?		the second installment to the mixtape messiah series , mixtape messiah 2 , was released january 5 , 2006 .		did it do well on the charts ?		i do n't know .		what is the sound of revenge ?		chamillionaire 's first major solo release		was it succeswful ?		was the sound of revenge successful ?
chamillionaire		2005 - 2006 : the sound of revenge		what happened in 2005 ?		the second installment to the mixtape messiah series , mixtape messiah 2 , was released january 5 , 2006 .		did it do well on the charts ?		i do n't know .		what is the sound of revenge ?		chamillionaire 's first major solo release		was it succeswful ?		number 10 on the billboard 200 album chart in the united states .		were there any tours ?		were there any tours for the sound of revenge ?
chamillionaire		2005 - 2006 : the sound of revenge		what happened in 2005 ?		the second installment to the mixtape messiah series , mixtape messiah 2 , was released january 5 , 2006 .		did it do well on the charts ?		i do n't know .		what is the sound of revenge ?		chamillionaire 's first major solo release		was it succeswful ?		number 10 on the billboard 200 album chart in the united states .		were there any tours ?		i do n't know .		what happened in 2006 ?		what happened to chamillionaire in 2006 ?
chamillionaire		2005 - 2006 : the sound of revenge		what happened in 2005 ?		the second installment to the mixtape messiah series , mixtape messiah 2 , was released january 5 , 2006 .		did it do well on the charts ?		i do n't know .		what is the sound of revenge ?		chamillionaire 's first major solo release		was it succeswful ?		number 10 on the billboard 200 album chart in the united states .		were there any tours ?		i do n't know .		what happened in 2006 ?		additionally , the bonus track " grind time " was featured in the video game nba live 06 .		is there any other interesting information ?		besides " grind time " being featured in nba live 06 , is there any other interesting information ?
chamillionaire		2005 - 2006 : the sound of revenge		what happened in 2005 ?		the second installment to the mixtape messiah series , mixtape messiah 2 , was released january 5 , 2006 .		did it do well on the charts ?		i do n't know .		what is the sound of revenge ?		chamillionaire 's first major solo release		was it succeswful ?		number 10 on the billboard 200 album chart in the united states .		were there any tours ?		i do n't know .		what happened in 2006 ?		additionally , the bonus track " grind time " was featured in the video game nba live 06 .		is there any other interesting information ?		the album was certified platinum by the riaa , and a chopped and screwed version , screwed by og ron c , was released in		did he collaborate with any other musicians ?		did chamillionaire collaborate with any other musicians besides og ron c ?
chamillionaire		2005 - 2006 : the sound of revenge		what happened in 2005 ?		the second installment to the mixtape messiah series , mixtape messiah 2 , was released january 5 , 2006 .		did it do well on the charts ?		i do n't know .		what is the sound of revenge ?		chamillionaire 's first major solo release		was it succeswful ?		number 10 on the billboard 200 album chart in the united states .		were there any tours ?		i do n't know .		what happened in 2006 ?		additionally , the bonus track " grind time " was featured in the video game nba live 06 .		is there any other interesting information ?		the album was certified platinum by the riaa , and a chopped and screwed version , screwed by og ron c , was released in		did he collaborate with any other musicians ?		bone thugs - n - harmony		did he work with anyone else ?		did chamillionaire work with anyone else other than bone thugs - n - harmony and og ron c ?
chamillionaire		2008 - 2010 : final mixtape messiah , venom , and major pain		was missiah the last album		was missiah chamillionaire 's last album ?
chamillionaire		2008 - 2010 : final mixtape messiah , venom , and major pain		was missiah the last album		his sixth installment in the mixtape messiah series was to be a " prelude " to venom .		what year did messiah release		what year was chamillionaire 's album messiah released ?
chamillionaire		2008 - 2010 : final mixtape messiah , venom , and major pain		was missiah the last album		his sixth installment in the mixtape messiah series was to be a " prelude " to venom .		what year did messiah release		the first disc from mixtape messiah 7 was launched for free download on august 4 , 2009 , just after 11:30 pm est , while disc 2 was released on august 6 , 2009 ,		when did venom come out		when did chamillionaire 's album venom come out ?
chamillionaire		2008 - 2010 : final mixtape messiah , venom , and major pain		was missiah the last album		his sixth installment in the mixtape messiah series was to be a " prelude " to venom .		what year did messiah release		the first disc from mixtape messiah 7 was launched for free download on august 4 , 2009 , just after 11:30 pm est , while disc 2 was released on august 6 , 2009 ,		when did venom come out		venom has been confirmed as cancelled as chamillionaire has parted ways with universal .		what artist did he work with		what artist did chamillionaire work with ?
chamillionaire		2008 - 2010 : final mixtape messiah , venom , and major pain		was missiah the last album		his sixth installment in the mixtape messiah series was to be a " prelude " to venom .		what year did messiah release		the first disc from mixtape messiah 7 was launched for free download on august 4 , 2009 , just after 11:30 pm est , while disc 2 was released on august 6 , 2009 ,		when did venom come out		venom has been confirmed as cancelled as chamillionaire has parted ways with universal .		what artist did he work with		the first single from venom was initially planned to be " creepin ' ( solo ) " , which featured ludacris		why did he leave universal		why did chamillionaire leave universal ?
chamillionaire		2008 - 2010 : final mixtape messiah , venom , and major pain		was missiah the last album		his sixth installment in the mixtape messiah series was to be a " prelude " to venom .		what year did messiah release		the first disc from mixtape messiah 7 was launched for free download on august 4 , 2009 , just after 11:30 pm est , while disc 2 was released on august 6 , 2009 ,		when did venom come out		venom has been confirmed as cancelled as chamillionaire has parted ways with universal .		what artist did he work with		the first single from venom was initially planned to be " creepin ' ( solo ) " , which featured ludacris		why did he leave universal		i do n't know .		did he work with anyone else		other than ludacris , did chamillionaire work with anyone else ?
chamillionaire		2008 - 2010 : final mixtape messiah , venom , and major pain		was missiah the last album		his sixth installment in the mixtape messiah series was to be a " prelude " to venom .		what year did messiah release		the first disc from mixtape messiah 7 was launched for free download on august 4 , 2009 , just after 11:30 pm est , while disc 2 was released on august 6 , 2009 ,		when did venom come out		venom has been confirmed as cancelled as chamillionaire has parted ways with universal .		what artist did he work with		the first single from venom was initially planned to be " creepin ' ( solo ) " , which featured ludacris		why did he leave universal		i do n't know .		did he work with anyone else		chamillionaire released a new song , " the main event " , on february 11 , 2010 , via free download . it features fellow texas rappers paul wall , slim thug & dorrough .		did creepin ever release		did chamillionaire 's singe creepin ever release ?
chamillionaire		2008 - 2010 : final mixtape messiah , venom , and major pain		was missiah the last album		his sixth installment in the mixtape messiah series was to be a " prelude " to venom .		what year did messiah release		the first disc from mixtape messiah 7 was launched for free download on august 4 , 2009 , just after 11:30 pm est , while disc 2 was released on august 6 , 2009 ,		when did venom come out		venom has been confirmed as cancelled as chamillionaire has parted ways with universal .		what artist did he work with		the first single from venom was initially planned to be " creepin ' ( solo ) " , which featured ludacris		why did he leave universal		i do n't know .		did he work with anyone else		chamillionaire released a new song , " the main event " , on february 11 , 2010 , via free download . it features fellow texas rappers paul wall , slim thug & dorrough .		did creepin ever release		however , it is unclear whether or not the song will be included on venom after chamillionaire canceled and then reinstated the album .		what else can you tell me		in addition to final mixtape messiah , venom , and major pain , what else can you tell me ?
big sean		2011 - 12 : finally famous and detroit		what kind of music was on finally famous ?		what kind of music was on finally famous ?
big sean		2011 - 12 : finally famous and detroit		what kind of music was on finally famous ?		the album 's lead single , " my last " , features vocals from chris brown and was produced by no i.d.		what other songs were on the album ?		other than my last , what other songs were on finally famous ?
big sean		2011 - 12 : finally famous and detroit		what kind of music was on finally famous ?		the album 's lead single , " my last " , features vocals from chris brown and was produced by no i.d.		what other songs were on the album ?		three hit singles ; " my last " , " marvin & chardonnay " and " dance ( ass ) " .		was the album successful ?		was finally famous successful ?
big sean		2011 - 12 : finally famous and detroit		what kind of music was on finally famous ?		the album 's lead single , " my last " , features vocals from chris brown and was produced by no i.d.		what other songs were on the album ?		three hit singles ; " my last " , " marvin & chardonnay " and " dance ( ass ) " .		was the album successful ?		three hit singles ;		were there any hit songs on detroit ?		were there any hit songs on detroit ?
big sean		2011 - 12 : finally famous and detroit		what kind of music was on finally famous ?		the album 's lead single , " my last " , features vocals from chris brown and was produced by no i.d.		what other songs were on the album ?		three hit singles ; " my last " , " marvin & chardonnay " and " dance ( ass ) " .		was the album successful ?		three hit singles ;		were there any hit songs on detroit ?		big sean then announced his fourth mixtape would be titled " detroit " and would serve as a lead - in to his second studio album .		what music was on detroit ?		what music was on detroit ?
big sean		2011 - 12 : finally famous and detroit		what kind of music was on finally famous ?		the album 's lead single , " my last " , features vocals from chris brown and was produced by no i.d.		what other songs were on the album ?		three hit singles ; " my last " , " marvin & chardonnay " and " dance ( ass ) " .		was the album successful ?		three hit singles ;		were there any hit songs on detroit ?		big sean then announced his fourth mixtape would be titled " detroit " and would serve as a lead - in to his second studio album .		what music was on detroit ?		big sean released the mixtape detroit which features guest appearances		who are the guest appearances by ?		who are the guest appearances on big sean 's mixtape detroit ?
big sean		2011 - 12 : finally famous and detroit		what kind of music was on finally famous ?		the album 's lead single , " my last " , features vocals from chris brown and was produced by no i.d.		what other songs were on the album ?		three hit singles ; " my last " , " marvin & chardonnay " and " dance ( ass ) " .		was the album successful ?		three hit singles ;		were there any hit songs on detroit ?		big sean then announced his fourth mixtape would be titled " detroit " and would serve as a lead - in to his second studio album .		what music was on detroit ?		big sean released the mixtape detroit which features guest appearances		who are the guest appearances by ?		j. cole , juicy j , king chip , french montana , royce da 5'9 " , kendrick lamar and tyga .		when was detroit released ?		when was detroit released ?
big sean		2011 - 12 : finally famous and detroit		what kind of music was on finally famous ?		the album 's lead single , " my last " , features vocals from chris brown and was produced by no i.d.		what other songs were on the album ?		three hit singles ; " my last " , " marvin & chardonnay " and " dance ( ass ) " .		was the album successful ?		three hit singles ;		were there any hit songs on detroit ?		big sean then announced his fourth mixtape would be titled " detroit " and would serve as a lead - in to his second studio album .		what music was on detroit ?		big sean released the mixtape detroit which features guest appearances		who are the guest appearances by ?		j. cole , juicy j , king chip , french montana , royce da 5'9 " , kendrick lamar and tyga .		when was detroit released ?		on september 5 , 2012 , big sean released the mixtape detroit		when was finally famous released ?		when was finally famous released ?
dj kool herc		the break		what was the break ?		what was the break ?
dj kool herc		the break		what was the break ?		herc used the record to focus on a short , heavily percussive part in it : the " break " .		what did the break consist of ?		what did the break consist of ?
dj kool herc		the break		what was the break ?		herc used the record to focus on a short , heavily percussive part in it : the " break " .		what did the break consist of ?		specifically , dj kool herc : extended an instrumental beat ( breaking or scratching ) to let people dance longer		did people like it ?		did people like the break ?
dj kool herc		the break		what was the break ?		herc used the record to focus on a short , heavily percussive part in it : the " break " .		what did the break consist of ?		specifically , dj kool herc : extended an instrumental beat ( breaking or scratching ) to let people dance longer		did people like it ?		... [ this ] helped lay the foundation for a cultural revolution .		how did it lead to a cultural evolution ?		how did the break lead to a cultural evolution ?
dj kool herc		the break		what was the break ?		herc used the record to focus on a short , heavily percussive part in it : the " break " .		what did the break consist of ?		specifically , dj kool herc : extended an instrumental beat ( breaking or scratching ) to let people dance longer		did people like it ?		... [ this ] helped lay the foundation for a cultural revolution .		how did it lead to a cultural evolution ?		extended an instrumental beat ( breaking or scratching ) to let people dance longer ( break dancing ) and began mc'ing ( rapping ) during the extended breakdancing . ... [		did he influence others ?		did herc influence others ?
dj kool herc		the break		what was the break ?		herc used the record to focus on a short , heavily percussive part in it : the " break " .		what did the break consist of ?		specifically , dj kool herc : extended an instrumental beat ( breaking or scratching ) to let people dance longer		did people like it ?		... [ this ] helped lay the foundation for a cultural revolution .		how did it lead to a cultural evolution ?		extended an instrumental beat ( breaking or scratching ) to let people dance longer ( break dancing ) and began mc'ing ( rapping ) during the extended breakdancing . ... [		did he influence others ?		herc is called a " founding father of hip hop , "		what else is interesting in this article ?		what else is interesting in this article besides herc being called the " founding father of hip hop " ?
sherpa people		religion		what is the religion of the sherpa people ?		what is the religion of the sherpa people ?
sherpa people		religion		what is the religion of the sherpa people ?		minority religions for sherpas is hinduism .		what do the majority of sherpas believe in ?		what do the majority of sherpas believe in ?
sherpa people		religion		what is the religion of the sherpa people ?		minority religions for sherpas is hinduism .		what do the majority of sherpas believe in ?		sherpa particularly believe in hidden treasures and valleys .		what deities or gods do they believe in ?		what deities or gods do sherpa believe in ?
sherpa people		religion		what is the religion of the sherpa people ?		minority religions for sherpas is hinduism .		what do the majority of sherpas believe in ?		sherpa particularly believe in hidden treasures and valleys .		what deities or gods do they believe in ?		numerous deities and demons who inhabit every mountain , cave , and forest .		do sherpa people have holy men ?		do sherpa people have holy men ?
sherpa people		religion		what is the religion of the sherpa people ?		minority religions for sherpas is hinduism .		what do the majority of sherpas believe in ?		sherpa particularly believe in hidden treasures and valleys .		what deities or gods do they believe in ?		numerous deities and demons who inhabit every mountain , cave , and forest .		do sherpa people have holy men ?		buddha and the great buddhist divinities ,		where do sherpa people pray ?		where do sherpa people pray ?
sherpa people		religion		what is the religion of the sherpa people ?		minority religions for sherpas is hinduism .		what do the majority of sherpas believe in ?		sherpa particularly believe in hidden treasures and valleys .		what deities or gods do they believe in ?		numerous deities and demons who inhabit every mountain , cave , and forest .		do sherpa people have holy men ?		buddha and the great buddhist divinities ,		where do sherpa people pray ?		monasteries		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides sherpa religion are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
sherpa people		religion		what is the religion of the sherpa people ?		minority religions for sherpas is hinduism .		what do the majority of sherpas believe in ?		sherpa particularly believe in hidden treasures and valleys .		what deities or gods do they believe in ?		numerous deities and demons who inhabit every mountain , cave , and forest .		do sherpa people have holy men ?		buddha and the great buddhist divinities ,		where do sherpa people pray ?		monasteries		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the sherpas call mount everest chomolungma		is mt. everest a holy site for them ?		is mt. everest a holy site for sherpa ?
sherpa people		religion		what is the religion of the sherpa people ?		minority religions for sherpas is hinduism .		what do the majority of sherpas believe in ?		sherpa particularly believe in hidden treasures and valleys .		what deities or gods do they believe in ?		numerous deities and demons who inhabit every mountain , cave , and forest .		do sherpa people have holy men ?		buddha and the great buddhist divinities ,		where do sherpa people pray ?		monasteries		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the sherpas call mount everest chomolungma		is mt. everest a holy site for them ?		respect it as the " mother of the world . "		what religious rituals do sherpa people do ?		what religious rituals do sherpa people do ?
sherpa people		religion		what is the religion of the sherpa people ?		minority religions for sherpas is hinduism .		what do the majority of sherpas believe in ?		sherpa particularly believe in hidden treasures and valleys .		what deities or gods do they believe in ?		numerous deities and demons who inhabit every mountain , cave , and forest .		do sherpa people have holy men ?		buddha and the great buddhist divinities ,		where do sherpa people pray ?		monasteries		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the sherpas call mount everest chomolungma		is mt. everest a holy site for them ?		respect it as the " mother of the world . "		what religious rituals do sherpa people do ?		shamans ( lhawa ) and soothsayers ( mindung ) deal with the supernatural and the spirit world .		how do shamans deal with the supernatural ?		how do shamans deal with the supernatural ?
northrop frye		the order of words		what is the order of words meaning ?		what is the order of words meaning ?
northrop frye		the order of words		what is the order of words meaning ?		frye argues , as an order of words , providing criticism with a conceptual framework and a body of knowledge derived not from an ideological system but rooted in the imagination itself .		was his work praised ?		was frye 's work praised ?
northrop frye		the order of words		what is the order of words meaning ?		frye argues , as an order of words , providing criticism with a conceptual framework and a body of knowledge derived not from an ideological system but rooted in the imagination itself .		was his work praised ?		i do n't know .		what contribution did his work make to the literary world ?		what contribution did frye 's work make to the literary world ?
northrop frye		the order of words		what is the order of words meaning ?		frye argues , as an order of words , providing criticism with a conceptual framework and a body of knowledge derived not from an ideological system but rooted in the imagination itself .		was his work praised ?		i do n't know .		what contribution did his work make to the literary world ?		the recurring primitive formulas frye noticed in his survey of the " greatest classics " provide literature with an order of words , a " skeleton "		what is the skeleton to him ?		what is the skeleton to frye ?
northrop frye		the order of words		what is the order of words meaning ?		frye argues , as an order of words , providing criticism with a conceptual framework and a body of knowledge derived not from an ideological system but rooted in the imagination itself .		was his work praised ?		i do n't know .		what contribution did his work make to the literary world ?		the recurring primitive formulas frye noticed in his survey of the " greatest classics " provide literature with an order of words , a " skeleton "		what is the skeleton to him ?		a " skeleton " which allows the reader " to respond imaginatively to any literary work by seeing it in the larger perspective provided by its literary and social contexts " (		why are they helpful to understand ?		why are primitive formulas helpful to understand ?
northrop frye		the order of words		what is the order of words meaning ?		frye argues , as an order of words , providing criticism with a conceptual framework and a body of knowledge derived not from an ideological system but rooted in the imagination itself .		was his work praised ?		i do n't know .		what contribution did his work make to the literary world ?		the recurring primitive formulas frye noticed in his survey of the " greatest classics " provide literature with an order of words , a " skeleton "		what is the skeleton to him ?		a " skeleton " which allows the reader " to respond imaginatively to any literary work by seeing it in the larger perspective provided by its literary and social contexts " (		why are they helpful to understand ?		frye identifies these formulas as the " conventional myths and metaphors " which he calls " archetypes " (		why are there archetypes ?		why are there archetypes ?
northrop frye		the order of words		what is the order of words meaning ?		frye argues , as an order of words , providing criticism with a conceptual framework and a body of knowledge derived not from an ideological system but rooted in the imagination itself .		was his work praised ?		i do n't know .		what contribution did his work make to the literary world ?		the recurring primitive formulas frye noticed in his survey of the " greatest classics " provide literature with an order of words , a " skeleton "		what is the skeleton to him ?		a " skeleton " which allows the reader " to respond imaginatively to any literary work by seeing it in the larger perspective provided by its literary and social contexts " (		why are they helpful to understand ?		frye identifies these formulas as the " conventional myths and metaphors " which he calls " archetypes " (		why are there archetypes ?		the archetypes of literature exist , frye argues , as an order of words , providing criticism with a conceptual framework and a body of knowledge		what did people think of frye 's concepts ?		what did people think of frye 's concepts ?
northrop frye		the order of words		what is the order of words meaning ?		frye argues , as an order of words , providing criticism with a conceptual framework and a body of knowledge derived not from an ideological system but rooted in the imagination itself .		was his work praised ?		i do n't know .		what contribution did his work make to the literary world ?		the recurring primitive formulas frye noticed in his survey of the " greatest classics " provide literature with an order of words , a " skeleton "		what is the skeleton to him ?		a " skeleton " which allows the reader " to respond imaginatively to any literary work by seeing it in the larger perspective provided by its literary and social contexts " (		why are they helpful to understand ?		frye identifies these formulas as the " conventional myths and metaphors " which he calls " archetypes " (		why are there archetypes ?		the archetypes of literature exist , frye argues , as an order of words , providing criticism with a conceptual framework and a body of knowledge		what did people think of frye 's concepts ?		thus , rather than interpreting literary works from some ideological ' position ' -- what frye calls the " superimposed critical attitude		what other ways should we interpret literature according to the order of words ?		aside from the superimposed critical attitude what other ways should we interpret literature according to the order of words ?
wayne n. aspinall		biography		where was wayne born ?		what is wayne place of birth ?
wayne n. aspinall		biography		where was wayne born ?		aspinall was born in middleburg , logan county , ohio		when was he born ?		when was wayne born ?
wayne n. aspinall		biography		where was wayne born ?		aspinall was born in middleburg , logan county , ohio		when was he born ?		1896		was he married ?		was wayne married ?
wayne n. aspinall		biography		where was wayne born ?		aspinall was born in middleburg , logan county , ohio		when was he born ?		1896		was he married ?		i do n't know .		what was his education like ?		what was wayne education like ?
wayne n. aspinall		biography		where was wayne born ?		aspinall was born in middleburg , logan county , ohio		when was he born ?		1896		was he married ?		i do n't know .		what was his education like ?		he studied at the university of denver until world war i ,		was he in the military ?		was wayne in the military ?
wayne n. aspinall		biography		where was wayne born ?		aspinall was born in middleburg , logan county , ohio		when was he born ?		1896		was he married ?		i do n't know .		what was his education like ?		he studied at the university of denver until world war i ,		was he in the military ?		he enlisted in the armed services ( the air service of the signal corps ) .		did he receive any medals ?		did wayne receive any medals ?
wayne n. aspinall		biography		where was wayne born ?		aspinall was born in middleburg , logan county , ohio		when was he born ?		1896		was he married ?		i do n't know .		what was his education like ?		he studied at the university of denver until world war i ,		was he in the military ?		he enlisted in the armed services ( the air service of the signal corps ) .		did he receive any medals ?		i do n't know .		when did he end his career ?		when did wayne end his career ?
wayne n. aspinall		colorado river storage act of 1956		what was the colorado river storage act of 1956 ?		what was the colorado river storage act of 1956 ?
wayne n. aspinall		colorado river storage act of 1956		what was the colorado river storage act of 1956 ?		the bill , sponsored by wayne aspinall and several western allies , called for damming several areas in the upper basin of the colorado river .		was the bill easy to pass ?		was the colorado river storage act easy to pass ?
wayne n. aspinall		colorado river storage act of 1956		what was the colorado river storage act of 1956 ?		the bill , sponsored by wayne aspinall and several western allies , called for damming several areas in the upper basin of the colorado river .		was the bill easy to pass ?		because of increased environmental awareness around the country , the majority of the public opposed the project .		was aspinall eventually able to get the bill to pass through congress ?		was aspinall eventually able to get the colorado river storage bill to pass through congress ?
wayne n. aspinall		colorado river storage act of 1956		what was the colorado river storage act of 1956 ?		the bill , sponsored by wayne aspinall and several western allies , called for damming several areas in the upper basin of the colorado river .		was the bill easy to pass ?		because of increased environmental awareness around the country , the majority of the public opposed the project .		was aspinall eventually able to get the bill to pass through congress ?		the bill passed the house 256 - 136 in march 1956 and then - president dwight eisenhower signed it into law soon thereafter .		what was aspinall political position during this time period ?		what was aspinall political position in 1956 ?
wayne n. aspinall		colorado river storage act of 1956		what was the colorado river storage act of 1956 ?		the bill , sponsored by wayne aspinall and several western allies , called for damming several areas in the upper basin of the colorado river .		was the bill easy to pass ?		because of increased environmental awareness around the country , the majority of the public opposed the project .		was aspinall eventually able to get the bill to pass through congress ?		the bill passed the house 256 - 136 in march 1956 and then - president dwight eisenhower signed it into law soon thereafter .		what was aspinall political position during this time period ?		aspinall gained five other reclamation projects and three hydroelectric dams for the fourth district .		why did the people oppose the act ?		why did the people oppose the colorado river storage act ?
wayne n. aspinall		colorado river storage act of 1956		what was the colorado river storage act of 1956 ?		the bill , sponsored by wayne aspinall and several western allies , called for damming several areas in the upper basin of the colorado river .		was the bill easy to pass ?		because of increased environmental awareness around the country , the majority of the public opposed the project .		was aspinall eventually able to get the bill to pass through congress ?		the bill passed the house 256 - 136 in march 1956 and then - president dwight eisenhower signed it into law soon thereafter .		what was aspinall political position during this time period ?		aspinall gained five other reclamation projects and three hydroelectric dams for the fourth district .		why did the people oppose the act ?		this became a volatile issue between environmentalists and water project advocates .		is there anything else significant about aspinall 's role in the colorado river storage act ?		aside from sponsoring the bill , was there anything else significant about aspinall 's role in the colorado river storage act ?
wayne n. aspinall		colorado river storage act of 1956		what was the colorado river storage act of 1956 ?		the bill , sponsored by wayne aspinall and several western allies , called for damming several areas in the upper basin of the colorado river .		was the bill easy to pass ?		because of increased environmental awareness around the country , the majority of the public opposed the project .		was aspinall eventually able to get the bill to pass through congress ?		the bill passed the house 256 - 136 in march 1956 and then - president dwight eisenhower signed it into law soon thereafter .		what was aspinall political position during this time period ?		aspinall gained five other reclamation projects and three hydroelectric dams for the fourth district .		why did the people oppose the act ?		this became a volatile issue between environmentalists and water project advocates .		is there anything else significant about aspinall 's role in the colorado river storage act ?		in 1954 alone , the department of the interior received 20,000 pieces of mail about the plan ,		what were the nature of the mail received ?		what was the nature of the mail received by aspinall regarding the colorado river storage act ?
senses fail		formation and from the depths of dreams ep ( 2002 - 2003 )		what is senses fail ?		what is senses fail ?
senses fail		formation and from the depths of dreams ep ( 2002 - 2003 )		what is senses fail ?		senses fail began on october 17 , 2001 after garrett zablocki posted an advertisement on the internet to recruit members for the band .		what band ?		what is the name of band garrett zablocki founded ?
senses fail		formation and from the depths of dreams ep ( 2002 - 2003 )		what is senses fail ?		senses fail began on october 17 , 2001 after garrett zablocki posted an advertisement on the internet to recruit members for the band .		what band ?		the advertisement attracted attention from buddy nielsen , who then began writing with zablocki .		are they still together ?		are senses fail still together in 2019 ?
senses fail		formation and from the depths of dreams ep ( 2002 - 2003 )		what is senses fail ?		senses fail began on october 17 , 2001 after garrett zablocki posted an advertisement on the internet to recruit members for the band .		what band ?		the advertisement attracted attention from buddy nielsen , who then began writing with zablocki .		are they still together ?		i do n't know .		what is something interesting about the band ?		what is something interesting about the band senses fail ?
senses fail		formation and from the depths of dreams ep ( 2002 - 2003 )		what is senses fail ?		senses fail began on october 17 , 2001 after garrett zablocki posted an advertisement on the internet to recruit members for the band .		what band ?		the advertisement attracted attention from buddy nielsen , who then began writing with zablocki .		are they still together ?		i do n't know .		what is something interesting about the band ?		the name senses fail , lead singer james " buddy " nielsen explains , " in hinduism , they believe that being alive is hell , and the only way to reach nirvana		what is depths of dreams ?		what is depths of dreams ?
senses fail		formation and from the depths of dreams ep ( 2002 - 2003 )		what is senses fail ?		senses fail began on october 17 , 2001 after garrett zablocki posted an advertisement on the internet to recruit members for the band .		what band ?		the advertisement attracted attention from buddy nielsen , who then began writing with zablocki .		are they still together ?		i do n't know .		what is something interesting about the band ?		the name senses fail , lead singer james " buddy " nielsen explains , " in hinduism , they believe that being alive is hell , and the only way to reach nirvana		what is depths of dreams ?		their first release , from the depths of dreams , was a six - track ep that was originally released on eca records on august 16 , 2002 .		did they tour with this ep ?		did senses fail tour with the from the depths of dreams ep ?
ken rosewall		true open career : august 1972 through 1980		what occurred in 1972 ?		what occurred regarding ken rosewall in 1972 ?
ken rosewall		true open career : august 1972 through 1980		what occurred in 1972 ?		from august 1972 players could enter almost all the tournaments they wanted and the real open era began		what was a tournement he played in ?		what was a tournement ken rosewall played in ?
ken rosewall		true open career : august 1972 through 1980		what occurred in 1972 ?		from august 1972 players could enter almost all the tournaments they wanted and the real open era began		what was a tournement he played in ?		rosewall won seven tournaments in 1972 ,		who was an opponent ?		who was an opponent for ken rosewall in 1972 ?
ken rosewall		true open career : august 1972 through 1980		what occurred in 1972 ?		from august 1972 players could enter almost all the tournaments they wanted and the real open era began		what was a tournement he played in ?		rosewall won seven tournaments in 1972 ,		who was an opponent ?		mark cox .		he did not defeat any opponents ?		did ken rosewall defeat any opponents in 1972 ?
ken rosewall		true open career : august 1972 through 1980		what occurred in 1972 ?		from august 1972 players could enter almost all the tournaments they wanted and the real open era began		what was a tournement he played in ?		rosewall won seven tournaments in 1972 ,		who was an opponent ?		mark cox .		he did not defeat any opponents ?		he lost in the second round of the 1972 u.s. open against mark cox .		what was his performance in the us open ?		what was ken rosewall 's performance in the us open ?
ken rosewall		true open career : august 1972 through 1980		what occurred in 1972 ?		from august 1972 players could enter almost all the tournaments they wanted and the real open era began		what was a tournement he played in ?		rosewall won seven tournaments in 1972 ,		who was an opponent ?		mark cox .		he did not defeat any opponents ?		he lost in the second round of the 1972 u.s. open against mark cox .		what was his performance in the us open ?		his best performances in 1973 were firstly his semifinal at the us open		what was the score ?		what was ken rosewall 's score in the 1973 us open ?
ken rosewall		true open career : august 1972 through 1980		what occurred in 1972 ?		from august 1972 players could enter almost all the tournaments they wanted and the real open era began		what was a tournement he played in ?		rosewall won seven tournaments in 1972 ,		who was an opponent ?		mark cox .		he did not defeat any opponents ?		he lost in the second round of the 1972 u.s. open against mark cox .		what was his performance in the us open ?		his best performances in 1973 were firstly his semifinal at the us open		what was the score ?		i do n't know .		what is a notable title he won ?		what is a notable title ken rosewall won ?
ken rosewall		true open career : august 1972 through 1980		what occurred in 1972 ?		from august 1972 players could enter almost all the tournaments they wanted and the real open era began		what was a tournement he played in ?		rosewall won seven tournaments in 1972 ,		who was an opponent ?		mark cox .		he did not defeat any opponents ?		he lost in the second round of the 1972 u.s. open against mark cox .		what was his performance in the us open ?		his best performances in 1973 were firstly his semifinal at the us open		what was the score ?		i do n't know .		what is a notable title he won ?		he also won at houston wct , cleveland wct , charlotte wct , osaka and tokyo .		did he have any injuries ?		did ken rosewall have any injuries in his career ?
ken rosewall		true open career : august 1972 through 1980		what occurred in 1972 ?		from august 1972 players could enter almost all the tournaments they wanted and the real open era began		what was a tournement he played in ?		rosewall won seven tournaments in 1972 ,		who was an opponent ?		mark cox .		he did not defeat any opponents ?		he lost in the second round of the 1972 u.s. open against mark cox .		what was his performance in the us open ?		his best performances in 1973 were firstly his semifinal at the us open		what was the score ?		i do n't know .		what is a notable title he won ?		he also won at houston wct , cleveland wct , charlotte wct , osaka and tokyo .		did he have any injuries ?		i do n't know .		what was his highest ranking ?		what was ken rosewall highest ranking ?
ken rosewall		true open career : august 1972 through 1980		what occurred in 1972 ?		from august 1972 players could enter almost all the tournaments they wanted and the real open era began		what was a tournement he played in ?		rosewall won seven tournaments in 1972 ,		who was an opponent ?		mark cox .		he did not defeat any opponents ?		he lost in the second round of the 1972 u.s. open against mark cox .		what was his performance in the us open ?		his best performances in 1973 were firstly his semifinal at the us open		what was the score ?		i do n't know .		what is a notable title he won ?		he also won at houston wct , cleveland wct , charlotte wct , osaka and tokyo .		did he have any injuries ?		i do n't know .		what was his highest ranking ?		he was still ranked in the top 10 . tommasi ranked rosewall 4 , tingay 6 , atp 6 , collins 5 , and mccauley 7 .		did he ever have a drop out ?		did ken rosewall ever have a drop out ?
ken rosewall		true open career : august 1972 through 1980		what occurred in 1972 ?		from august 1972 players could enter almost all the tournaments they wanted and the real open era began		what was a tournement he played in ?		rosewall won seven tournaments in 1972 ,		who was an opponent ?		mark cox .		he did not defeat any opponents ?		he lost in the second round of the 1972 u.s. open against mark cox .		what was his performance in the us open ?		his best performances in 1973 were firstly his semifinal at the us open		what was the score ?		i do n't know .		what is a notable title he won ?		he also won at houston wct , cleveland wct , charlotte wct , osaka and tokyo .		did he have any injuries ?		i do n't know .		what was his highest ranking ?		he was still ranked in the top 10 . tommasi ranked rosewall 4 , tingay 6 , atp 6 , collins 5 , and mccauley 7 .		did he ever have a drop out ?		i do n't know .		what was his best year during this time ?		what was ken rosewall 's best year between 1972 and 1980 ?
ken rosewall		true open career : august 1972 through 1980		what occurred in 1972 ?		from august 1972 players could enter almost all the tournaments they wanted and the real open era began		what was a tournement he played in ?		rosewall won seven tournaments in 1972 ,		who was an opponent ?		mark cox .		he did not defeat any opponents ?		he lost in the second round of the 1972 u.s. open against mark cox .		what was his performance in the us open ?		his best performances in 1973 were firstly his semifinal at the us open		what was the score ?		i do n't know .		what is a notable title he won ?		he also won at houston wct , cleveland wct , charlotte wct , osaka and tokyo .		did he have any injuries ?		i do n't know .		what was his highest ranking ?		he was still ranked in the top 10 . tommasi ranked rosewall 4 , tingay 6 , atp 6 , collins 5 , and mccauley 7 .		did he ever have a drop out ?		i do n't know .		what was his best year during this time ?		rosewall won seven tournaments in 1972 ,		who was his coach ?		who was ken rosewall 's coach ?
the fabulous moolah		personal life		when was she born ?		when was the fabulous moolah born ?
the fabulous moolah		personal life		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		was she ever married ?		was the fabulous moolah ever married ?
the fabulous moolah		personal life		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		was she ever married ?		ellison 's first husband was walter carroll ,		was she married a second time ?		was the fabulous moolah married a second time ?
the fabulous moolah		personal life		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		was she ever married ?		ellison 's first husband was walter carroll ,		was she married a second time ?		ellison married wrestler johnny long .		was she ever married again ?		was the fabulous moolah ever married after johnny long ?
the fabulous moolah		personal life		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		was she ever married ?		ellison 's first husband was walter carroll ,		was she married a second time ?		ellison married wrestler johnny long .		was she ever married again ?		ellison met a wrestler named buddy lee , whom she regarded as the " love of her life . " they were eventually married ,		did she ever have any kids ?		did the fabulous moolah ever have any kids ?
corbin bleu		2009-present : speed of light and holiday inn		what was speed of light ?		what was speed of light ?
corbin bleu		2009-present : speed of light and holiday inn		what was speed of light ?		his second album speed of light was released on march 10 , 2009 , via hollywood records .		did it have any hits ?		did speed of light by corbin bleu have any hits ?
corbin bleu		2009-present : speed of light and holiday inn		what was speed of light ?		his second album speed of light was released on march 10 , 2009 , via hollywood records .		did it have any hits ?		the album 's first single , " moments that matter " , was performed by bleu at kids ' inaugural : " we are the future " .		how well did the album do ?		how well did speed of light by corbin bleu do ?
corbin bleu		2009-present : speed of light and holiday inn		what was speed of light ?		his second album speed of light was released on march 10 , 2009 , via hollywood records .		did it have any hits ?		the album 's first single , " moments that matter " , was performed by bleu at kids ' inaugural : " we are the future " .		how well did the album do ?		the album failed to debut on billboard top 200 album charts .		did they tour for it ?		did corbin bleu tour for speed of light ?
corbin bleu		2009-present : speed of light and holiday inn		what was speed of light ?		his second album speed of light was released on march 10 , 2009 , via hollywood records .		did it have any hits ?		the album 's first single , " moments that matter " , was performed by bleu at kids ' inaugural : " we are the future " .		how well did the album do ?		the album failed to debut on billboard top 200 album charts .		did they tour for it ?		i do n't know .		when did holiday inn come out ?		when did holiday inn come out ?
corbin bleu		2009-present : speed of light and holiday inn		what was speed of light ?		his second album speed of light was released on march 10 , 2009 , via hollywood records .		did it have any hits ?		the album 's first single , " moments that matter " , was performed by bleu at kids ' inaugural : " we are the future " .		how well did the album do ?		the album failed to debut on billboard top 200 album charts .		did they tour for it ?		i do n't know .		when did holiday inn come out ?		in 2017 , bleu signed a one - album recording contract with the ghostlight records to distribute his holiday inn ,		did this album do better ?		did holiday inn do better ?
corbin bleu		2009-present : speed of light and holiday inn		what was speed of light ?		his second album speed of light was released on march 10 , 2009 , via hollywood records .		did it have any hits ?		the album 's first single , " moments that matter " , was performed by bleu at kids ' inaugural : " we are the future " .		how well did the album do ?		the album failed to debut on billboard top 200 album charts .		did they tour for it ?		i do n't know .		when did holiday inn come out ?		in 2017 , bleu signed a one - album recording contract with the ghostlight records to distribute his holiday inn ,		did this album do better ?		i do n't know .		but how did holiday inn do ?		but how did holiday inn do ?
soul asylum		early years		when was the band created		when was the band soul asylum created ?
soul asylum		early years		when was the band created		formed in 1981		how was it formed		how was the band soul asylum formed ?
soul asylum		early years		when was the band created		formed in 1981		how was it formed		the group was an outgrowth of a previous band , loud fast rules ,		can you tell me who formed the band		can you tell me who formed the band soul asylum ?
soul asylum		early years		when was the band created		formed in 1981		how was it formed		the group was an outgrowth of a previous band , loud fast rules ,		can you tell me who formed the band		by drummer and lead vocalist dave pirner , guitarist and backing vocalist dan murphy , and bassist karl mueller .		where did they start playing		where did the band soul asylum start playing ?
soul asylum		early years		when was the band created		formed in 1981		how was it formed		the group was an outgrowth of a previous band , loud fast rules ,		can you tell me who formed the band		by drummer and lead vocalist dave pirner , guitarist and backing vocalist dan murphy , and bassist karl mueller .		where did they start playing		the band toured relentlessly in its early years , opening for other american touring bands		who did they open for		who did the band soul asylum open for ?
soul asylum		early years		when was the band created		formed in 1981		how was it formed		the group was an outgrowth of a previous band , loud fast rules ,		can you tell me who formed the band		by drummer and lead vocalist dave pirner , guitarist and backing vocalist dan murphy , and bassist karl mueller .		where did they start playing		the band toured relentlessly in its early years , opening for other american touring bands		who did they open for		performing as a headliner act after gaining exposure on the " flip your wig " tour with the minneapolis band husker du in early 1986 .		did they open for anyone important		did the band soul asylum open for anyone important ?
soul asylum		late 1980s and early 1990s		what did they accomplish during this period ?		what did soul asylum accomplish during the late 1980 's and early 1990 's ?
soul asylum		late 1980s and early 1990s		what did they accomplish during this period ?		the group signed with a&m records in 1988 .		what albums did they release ?		what albums did soul asylum release ?
soul asylum		late 1980s and early 1990s		what did they accomplish during this period ?		the group signed with a&m records in 1988 .		what albums did they release ?		their first offering on that label was clam dip & other delights ( 1989 ) , the title and cover art being a parody of whipped cream & other delights ,		what songs were on the album ?		what songs were on clam dip & other delights by soul asylum ?
soul asylum		late 1980s and early 1990s		what did they accomplish during this period ?		the group signed with a&m records in 1988 .		what albums did they release ?		their first offering on that label was clam dip & other delights ( 1989 ) , the title and cover art being a parody of whipped cream & other delights ,		what songs were on the album ?		i do n't know .		what other albums did the band write ?		other than clam dip & other delights , what other albums did soul asylum write ?
soul asylum		late 1980s and early 1990s		what did they accomplish during this period ?		the group signed with a&m records in 1988 .		what albums did they release ?		their first offering on that label was clam dip & other delights ( 1989 ) , the title and cover art being a parody of whipped cream & other delights ,		what songs were on the album ?		i do n't know .		what other albums did the band write ?		in the early 1990s , they were picked up by columbia records . in 1992 they released grave dancers union , which became their most popular album .		how successful were their albums or songs ?		how successful were soul asylum 's albums or songs ?
count basie		early career		what was the count 's big break ?		what was the count 's big break ?
count basie		early career		what was the count 's big break ?		basie gained his first steady job at leroy 's , a place known for its piano players and its " cutting contests . "		did leroy 's lead to other opportunities ?		did working at leroy 's lead to other opportunities for basie ?
count basie		early career		what was the count 's big break ?		basie gained his first steady job at leroy 's , a place known for its piano players and its " cutting contests . "		did leroy 's lead to other opportunities ?		willie " the lion " smith helped basie out during the lean times by arranging gigs at " house - rent parties ,		whose parties did the count play at ?		other than house - rent parties , whose parties did the count play at ?
count basie		early career		what was the count 's big break ?		basie gained his first steady job at leroy 's , a place known for its piano players and its " cutting contests . "		did leroy 's lead to other opportunities ?		willie " the lion " smith helped basie out during the lean times by arranging gigs at " house - rent parties ,		whose parties did the count play at ?		i do n't know .		after the parties , what did the count do for work ?		after working at parties , did the count work elsewhere ?
count basie		early career		what was the count 's big break ?		basie gained his first steady job at leroy 's , a place known for its piano players and its " cutting contests . "		did leroy 's lead to other opportunities ?		willie " the lion " smith helped basie out during the lean times by arranging gigs at " house - rent parties ,		whose parties did the count play at ?		i do n't know .		after the parties , what did the count do for work ?		in 1928 , basie was in tulsa and heard walter page and his famous blue devils , one of the first big bands , which featured jimmy rushing on vocals .		did basie get involved with walter page 's band ?		did basie get involved with walter page 's band ?
count basie		early career		what was the count 's big break ?		basie gained his first steady job at leroy 's , a place known for its piano players and its " cutting contests . "		did leroy 's lead to other opportunities ?		willie " the lion " smith helped basie out during the lean times by arranging gigs at " house - rent parties ,		whose parties did the count play at ?		i do n't know .		after the parties , what did the count do for work ?		in 1928 , basie was in tulsa and heard walter page and his famous blue devils , one of the first big bands , which featured jimmy rushing on vocals .		did basie get involved with walter page 's band ?		a few months later , he was invited to join the band , which played mostly in texas and oklahoma .		did basie stay in texas / oklahoma , or did he go elsewhere ?		what are the places in which basie stayed other than texas / oklahoma ?
count basie		early career		what was the count 's big break ?		basie gained his first steady job at leroy 's , a place known for its piano players and its " cutting contests . "		did leroy 's lead to other opportunities ?		willie " the lion " smith helped basie out during the lean times by arranging gigs at " house - rent parties ,		whose parties did the count play at ?		i do n't know .		after the parties , what did the count do for work ?		in 1928 , basie was in tulsa and heard walter page and his famous blue devils , one of the first big bands , which featured jimmy rushing on vocals .		did basie get involved with walter page 's band ?		a few months later , he was invited to join the band , which played mostly in texas and oklahoma .		did basie stay in texas / oklahoma , or did he go elsewhere ?		i do n't know .		who else did basie tour with ?		who else did basie tour with besides walter page 's band ?
backstreet boys		1990 - 1994 : formation and early years		anything interesting about the formation and early years ?		anything interesting about the formation and early years of the backstreet boys ?
backstreet boys		1990 - 1994 : formation and early years		anything interesting about the formation and early years ?		the backstreet boys had their very first performance at seaworld orlando on may 8 , 1993 .		are they from orlando ?		are the backstreet boys from orlando ?
backstreet boys		1990 - 1994 : formation and early years		anything interesting about the formation and early years ?		the backstreet boys had their very first performance at seaworld orlando on may 8 , 1993 .		are they from orlando ?		lou pearlman in 1992 placed an ad in the orlando sentinel		who are the band members ?		who are the band members of the backstreet boys ?
backstreet boys		1990 - 1994 : formation and early years		anything interesting about the formation and early years ?		the backstreet boys had their very first performance at seaworld orlando on may 8 , 1993 .		are they from orlando ?		lou pearlman in 1992 placed an ad in the orlando sentinel		who are the band members ?		dorough , carter , and mclean through a co - worker , and the four decided to form a group .		tell me more about their early years ?		tell me more about the early years of the backstreet boys ?
backstreet boys		1990 - 1994 : formation and early years		anything interesting about the formation and early years ?		the backstreet boys had their very first performance at seaworld orlando on may 8 , 1993 .		are they from orlando ?		lou pearlman in 1992 placed an ad in the orlando sentinel		who are the band members ?		dorough , carter , and mclean through a co - worker , and the four decided to form a group .		tell me more about their early years ?		the group then continued to perform in various venues during summer 1993 , from shopping malls , restaurants , to a high - profile charity gala in fort lauderdale , florida .		where did the group first play outside of the united states in their early years ?		where did the backstreet boys first play outside of the united states in their early years ?
backstreet boys		1995 - 1997 : debut album , worldwide success , and backstreet 's back		what year was backstreet boys ' debut album released ?		what year was backstreet boys ' debut album released ?
backstreet boys		1995 - 1997 : debut album , worldwide success , and backstreet 's back		what year was backstreet boys ' debut album released ?		1996		what city were the boys in when they were first signed and discovered ?		what city were the boys in when the band group were first signed and discovered ?
backstreet boys		1995 - 1997 : debut album , worldwide success , and backstreet 's back		what year was backstreet boys ' debut album released ?		1996		what city were the boys in when they were first signed and discovered ?		i do n't know .		there were signed after being heard playing what type of venue in cleveland ?		the backstreet boys were signed after being heard playing what type of venue in cleveland ?
backstreet boys		1995 - 1997 : debut album , worldwide success , and backstreet 's back		what year was backstreet boys ' debut album released ?		1996		what city were the boys in when they were first signed and discovered ?		i do n't know .		there were signed after being heard playing what type of venue in cleveland ?		i do n't know .		it may have smelled a bit fishy but where were the backstreet boys ' first gig at ?		the hint may have smelled a bit fishy but where were the backstreet boys ' first gig at ?
backstreet boys		1995 - 1997 : debut album , worldwide success , and backstreet 's back		what year was backstreet boys ' debut album released ?		1996		what city were the boys in when they were first signed and discovered ?		i do n't know .		there were signed after being heard playing what type of venue in cleveland ?		i do n't know .		it may have smelled a bit fishy but where were the backstreet boys ' first gig at ?		i do n't know .		what year did the group play at seaworld orlando ?		what year did the backstreet boys play at seaworld orlando ?
ludacris		2001 - 2003 : word of mouf and chicken - n - beer		what is chicken - n - beer about ?		what is chicken - n - beer about ?
ludacris		2001 - 2003 : word of mouf and chicken - n - beer		what is chicken - n - beer about ?		in the fall of 2003 , ludacris rebounded with his next single , " stand up " , which appeared on both chicken - n - beer as well as the soundtrack for the teen hip hop / dance movie ,		when did he release word of mouf		when did ludacris release word of mouf ?
ludacris		2001 - 2003 : word of mouf and chicken - n - beer		what is chicken - n - beer about ?		in the fall of 2003 , ludacris rebounded with his next single , " stand up " , which appeared on both chicken - n - beer as well as the soundtrack for the teen hip hop / dance movie ,		when did he release word of mouf		ludacris promptly completed his next album , word of mouf and released it at the end of 2001 .		how how did it make it on the charts		how did word of mouf make it on the charts ?
ludacris		2001 - 2003 : word of mouf and chicken - n - beer		what is chicken - n - beer about ?		in the fall of 2003 , ludacris rebounded with his next single , " stand up " , which appeared on both chicken - n - beer as well as the soundtrack for the teen hip hop / dance movie ,		when did he release word of mouf		ludacris promptly completed his next album , word of mouf and released it at the end of 2001 .		how how did it make it on the charts		i do n't know .		when was chicken - n - beer released		when was chicken - n - beer released ?
ludacris		2001 - 2003 : word of mouf and chicken - n - beer		what is chicken - n - beer about ?		in the fall of 2003 , ludacris rebounded with his next single , " stand up " , which appeared on both chicken - n - beer as well as the soundtrack for the teen hip hop / dance movie ,		when did he release word of mouf		ludacris promptly completed his next album , word of mouf and released it at the end of 2001 .		how how did it make it on the charts		i do n't know .		when was chicken - n - beer released		fall of 2003 ,		how did it rate on the charts		how did chicken - n - beer rate on the charts ?
ludacris		2001 - 2003 : word of mouf and chicken - n - beer		what is chicken - n - beer about ?		in the fall of 2003 , ludacris rebounded with his next single , " stand up " , which appeared on both chicken - n - beer as well as the soundtrack for the teen hip hop / dance movie ,		when did he release word of mouf		ludacris promptly completed his next album , word of mouf and released it at the end of 2001 .		how how did it make it on the charts		i do n't know .		when was chicken - n - beer released		fall of 2003 ,		how did it rate on the charts		hitting the top spot on the billboard hot 100 garnering heavy airplay on mainstream pop , rhythmic , and urban radio stations ,		did any of the songs come out as a single		did any of chicken - n - beer songs come out as a single
ludacris		2001 - 2003 : word of mouf and chicken - n - beer		what is chicken - n - beer about ?		in the fall of 2003 , ludacris rebounded with his next single , " stand up " , which appeared on both chicken - n - beer as well as the soundtrack for the teen hip hop / dance movie ,		when did he release word of mouf		ludacris promptly completed his next album , word of mouf and released it at the end of 2001 .		how how did it make it on the charts		i do n't know .		when was chicken - n - beer released		fall of 2003 ,		how did it rate on the charts		hitting the top spot on the billboard hot 100 garnering heavy airplay on mainstream pop , rhythmic , and urban radio stations ,		did any of the songs come out as a single		ludacris received his first grammy award with usher and lil jon for their hit single " yeah ! " .		did he win any other awards ?		in addition to his first grammy award , did ludacris win any other awards ?
ludacris		2001 - 2003 : word of mouf and chicken - n - beer		what is chicken - n - beer about ?		in the fall of 2003 , ludacris rebounded with his next single , " stand up " , which appeared on both chicken - n - beer as well as the soundtrack for the teen hip hop / dance movie ,		when did he release word of mouf		ludacris promptly completed his next album , word of mouf and released it at the end of 2001 .		how how did it make it on the charts		i do n't know .		when was chicken - n - beer released		fall of 2003 ,		how did it rate on the charts		hitting the top spot on the billboard hot 100 garnering heavy airplay on mainstream pop , rhythmic , and urban radio stations ,		did any of the songs come out as a single		ludacris received his first grammy award with usher and lil jon for their hit single " yeah ! " .		did he win any other awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides word of mouf and chicken - n - beer , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
ludacris		2001 - 2003 : word of mouf and chicken - n - beer		what is chicken - n - beer about ?		in the fall of 2003 , ludacris rebounded with his next single , " stand up " , which appeared on both chicken - n - beer as well as the soundtrack for the teen hip hop / dance movie ,		when did he release word of mouf		ludacris promptly completed his next album , word of mouf and released it at the end of 2001 .		how how did it make it on the charts		i do n't know .		when was chicken - n - beer released		fall of 2003 ,		how did it rate on the charts		hitting the top spot on the billboard hot 100 garnering heavy airplay on mainstream pop , rhythmic , and urban radio stations ,		did any of the songs come out as a single		ludacris received his first grammy award with usher and lil jon for their hit single " yeah ! " .		did he win any other awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		during the spring of 2003 , ludacris returned to the music scene after a brief hiatus with a new single , " act a fool " , from the 2 fast 2 furious soundtrack .		does act a fool get high on the chart		does act a fool get high on the chart ?
jimmy buffett		controversy		what controversy was jimmy buffett involved in ?		what controversy was jimmy buffett involved in ?
jimmy buffett		controversy		what controversy was jimmy buffett involved in ?		the earliest controversy with buffett was his recording of " god 's own drunk " on the album living and dying in 3/4 time .		why did this recording cause controversy ?		why did jimmy buffett 's recording of " god 's own drunk " on the album living and dying in 3/4 time cause controversy ?
jimmy buffett		controversy		what controversy was jimmy buffett involved in ?		the earliest controversy with buffett was his recording of " god 's own drunk " on the album living and dying in 3/4 time .		why did this recording cause controversy ?		the son of the late entertainer lord buckley sued buffett for $ 11 million for copyright infringement , claiming that buffett took parts of the monologue from buckley 's a tribute to buckley		how did things work out in court ?		how did things work out in court after the son of the late entertainer lord buckley sued buffett for $ 11 million for copyright infringement ?
jimmy buffett		controversy		what controversy was jimmy buffett involved in ?		the earliest controversy with buffett was his recording of " god 's own drunk " on the album living and dying in 3/4 time .		why did this recording cause controversy ?		the son of the late entertainer lord buckley sued buffett for $ 11 million for copyright infringement , claiming that buffett took parts of the monologue from buckley 's a tribute to buckley		how did things work out in court ?		i do n't know .		was the suit resolved ?		after the son of the late entertainer lord buckley sued buffett for $ 11 million for copyright infringement , was the case ever resolved ?
jimmy buffett		controversy		what controversy was jimmy buffett involved in ?		the earliest controversy with buffett was his recording of " god 's own drunk " on the album living and dying in 3/4 time .		why did this recording cause controversy ?		the son of the late entertainer lord buckley sued buffett for $ 11 million for copyright infringement , claiming that buffett took parts of the monologue from buckley 's a tribute to buckley		how did things work out in court ?		i do n't know .		was the suit resolved ?		i do n't know .		what is another controversy that jimmy was involved in ?		what is another controversy , beside the suit about " a tribute to buckley , " which jimmy buffett was involved in ?
jimmy buffett		controversy		what controversy was jimmy buffett involved in ?		the earliest controversy with buffett was his recording of " god 's own drunk " on the album living and dying in 3/4 time .		why did this recording cause controversy ?		the son of the late entertainer lord buckley sued buffett for $ 11 million for copyright infringement , claiming that buffett took parts of the monologue from buckley 's a tribute to buckley		how did things work out in court ?		i do n't know .		was the suit resolved ?		i do n't know .		what is another controversy that jimmy was involved in ?		in january 1996 , buffett 's grumman hu-16 airplane named hemisphere dancer was shot at by jamaican police , who believed the craft to be smuggling marijuana .		was anyone in buffett 's airplane hurt ?		was anyone in buffett 's airplane hurt when his plane was shot at by jamaican police ?
jimmy buffett		controversy		what controversy was jimmy buffett involved in ?		the earliest controversy with buffett was his recording of " god 's own drunk " on the album living and dying in 3/4 time .		why did this recording cause controversy ?		the son of the late entertainer lord buckley sued buffett for $ 11 million for copyright infringement , claiming that buffett took parts of the monologue from buckley 's a tribute to buckley		how did things work out in court ?		i do n't know .		was the suit resolved ?		i do n't know .		what is another controversy that jimmy was involved in ?		in january 1996 , buffett 's grumman hu-16 airplane named hemisphere dancer was shot at by jamaican police , who believed the craft to be smuggling marijuana .		was anyone in buffett 's airplane hurt ?		had previously been carrying buffett , as well as u2 's bono , and island records producer chris blackwell , and co - pilot bill dindy , but they were not on board at the time .		how was this situation resolved ?		how was the shooting of jimmy buffett 's plane by jamaican police resolved ?
jimmy buffett		controversy		what controversy was jimmy buffett involved in ?		the earliest controversy with buffett was his recording of " god 's own drunk " on the album living and dying in 3/4 time .		why did this recording cause controversy ?		the son of the late entertainer lord buckley sued buffett for $ 11 million for copyright infringement , claiming that buffett took parts of the monologue from buckley 's a tribute to buckley		how did things work out in court ?		i do n't know .		was the suit resolved ?		i do n't know .		what is another controversy that jimmy was involved in ?		in january 1996 , buffett 's grumman hu-16 airplane named hemisphere dancer was shot at by jamaican police , who believed the craft to be smuggling marijuana .		was anyone in buffett 's airplane hurt ?		had previously been carrying buffett , as well as u2 's bono , and island records producer chris blackwell , and co - pilot bill dindy , but they were not on board at the time .		how was this situation resolved ?		the jamaican government acknowledged the mistake and apologized to buffett ,		was jimmy involved in any more controversies ?		was jimmy buffet involved in any more controversies other than the buckley lawsuit and the jamaican shooting ?
train ( band )		2003 - 2004 : my private nation		what is my private nation ?		what is my private nation ?
train ( band )		2003 - 2004 : my private nation		what is my private nation ?		the band 's third album ,		when was it released ?		when was my private nation released ?
train ( band )		2003 - 2004 : my private nation		what is my private nation ?		the band 's third album ,		when was it released ?		june 2003		did it hit the charts ?		did my private nation hit the charts ?
train ( band )		2003 - 2004 : my private nation		what is my private nation ?		the band 's third album ,		when was it released ?		june 2003		did it hit the charts ?		became train 's third top 20 hit ,		were there any awards for this hit ?		were there any awards for my private nation ?
train ( band )		2003 - 2004 : my private nation		what is my private nation ?		the band 's third album ,		when was it released ?		june 2003		did it hit the charts ?		became train 's third top 20 hit ,		were there any awards for this hit ?		i do n't know .		did the band do any tours with this hit		did train do any tours with my private nation ?
train ( band )		2003 - 2004 : my private nation		what is my private nation ?		the band 's third album ,		when was it released ?		june 2003		did it hit the charts ?		became train 's third top 20 hit ,		were there any awards for this hit ?		i do n't know .		did the band do any tours with this hit		i do n't know .		anything else happen during this time for my private nation ?		besides becoming train 's third top 20 hit , did anything else happen for my private nation ?
train ( band )		2003 - 2004 : my private nation		what is my private nation ?		the band 's third album ,		when was it released ?		june 2003		did it hit the charts ?		became train 's third top 20 hit ,		were there any awards for this hit ?		i do n't know .		did the band do any tours with this hit		i do n't know .		anything else happen during this time for my private nation ?		in 2004 , their non - album song " ordinary " was featured in the movie spider - man 2 . in 2007 ,		did my private nation do any other features ?		did my private nation do any features other than the spider - man 2 feature ?
train ( band )		2003 - 2004 : my private nation		what is my private nation ?		the band 's third album ,		when was it released ?		june 2003		did it hit the charts ?		became train 's third top 20 hit ,		were there any awards for this hit ?		i do n't know .		did the band do any tours with this hit		i do n't know .		anything else happen during this time for my private nation ?		in 2004 , their non - album song " ordinary " was featured in the movie spider - man 2 . in 2007 ,		did my private nation do any other features ?		i do n't know .		where there any others by chance ?		where there any other features of my private nation besides the spider - man 2 feature by chance ?
train ( band )		2003 - 2004 : my private nation		what is my private nation ?		the band 's third album ,		when was it released ?		june 2003		did it hit the charts ?		became train 's third top 20 hit ,		were there any awards for this hit ?		i do n't know .		did the band do any tours with this hit		i do n't know .		anything else happen during this time for my private nation ?		in 2004 , their non - album song " ordinary " was featured in the movie spider - man 2 . in 2007 ,		did my private nation do any other features ?		i do n't know .		where there any others by chance ?		i do n't know .		did my private nation have any good singles ?		did my private nation have any good singles ?
train ( band )		2003 - 2004 : my private nation		what is my private nation ?		the band 's third album ,		when was it released ?		june 2003		did it hit the charts ?		became train 's third top 20 hit ,		were there any awards for this hit ?		i do n't know .		did the band do any tours with this hit		i do n't know .		anything else happen during this time for my private nation ?		in 2004 , their non - album song " ordinary " was featured in the movie spider - man 2 . in 2007 ,		did my private nation do any other features ?		i do n't know .		where there any others by chance ?		i do n't know .		did my private nation have any good singles ?		get to me " ( written by rob hotchkiss and pat monahan ) reached number nine on the billboard adult top 40 .		did they receive any grammys or and awards for this album ?		did train receive grammys or awards for my private nation ?
train ( band )		2003 - 2004 : my private nation		what is my private nation ?		the band 's third album ,		when was it released ?		june 2003		did it hit the charts ?		became train 's third top 20 hit ,		were there any awards for this hit ?		i do n't know .		did the band do any tours with this hit		i do n't know .		anything else happen during this time for my private nation ?		in 2004 , their non - album song " ordinary " was featured in the movie spider - man 2 . in 2007 ,		did my private nation do any other features ?		i do n't know .		where there any others by chance ?		i do n't know .		did my private nation have any good singles ?		get to me " ( written by rob hotchkiss and pat monahan ) reached number nine on the billboard adult top 40 .		did they receive any grammys or and awards for this album ?		i do n't know .		where there any others ?		where there any other grammys or awards received by train for my private nation ?
bill evans		college , army , sabbatical year		where did bill evans go to college ?		where did bill evans go to college ?
bill evans		college , army , sabbatical year		where did bill evans go to college ?		evans attended southeastern louisiana university on a flute scholarship .		did he graduate and with what degree ?		did bill evans graduate and with what degree ?
bill evans		college , army , sabbatical year		where did bill evans go to college ?		evans attended southeastern louisiana university on a flute scholarship .		did he graduate and with what degree ?		graduating with a bachelor of music degree , majoring in piano , and bachelor 's in music education .		when did he enlist in the army ?		when did bill evans enlist in the army ?
bill evans		college , army , sabbatical year		where did bill evans go to college ?		evans attended southeastern louisiana university on a flute scholarship .		did he graduate and with what degree ?		graduating with a bachelor of music degree , majoring in piano , and bachelor 's in music education .		when did he enlist in the army ?		shortly thereafter , evans received his draft notice and entered the u.s. army .		where was he stationed ?		where was bill evans stationed ?
bill evans		college , army , sabbatical year		where did bill evans go to college ?		evans attended southeastern louisiana university on a flute scholarship .		did he graduate and with what degree ?		graduating with a bachelor of music degree , majoring in piano , and bachelor 's in music education .		when did he enlist in the army ?		shortly thereafter , evans received his draft notice and entered the u.s. army .		where was he stationed ?		during his three - year ( 1951 - 54 ) stay in the army , evans played flute , piccolo , and piano in the fifth u.s. army band at fort sheridan .		after the army what did he do ?		after the army what did bill evans do ?
bill evans		college , army , sabbatical year		where did bill evans go to college ?		evans attended southeastern louisiana university on a flute scholarship .		did he graduate and with what degree ?		graduating with a bachelor of music degree , majoring in piano , and bachelor 's in music education .		when did he enlist in the army ?		shortly thereafter , evans received his draft notice and entered the u.s. army .		where was he stationed ?		during his three - year ( 1951 - 54 ) stay in the army , evans played flute , piccolo , and piano in the fifth u.s. army band at fort sheridan .		after the army what did he do ?		he took a sabbatical year and went to live with his parents , where he set up a studio , acquired a grand piano and worked on his technique .		did he start to produce music during that year ?		did bill evans start to produce music during 1954 ?
roxette		1979 - 1986 : formation		when was roxette formed ?		when was roxette formed ?
roxette		1979 - 1986 : formation		when was roxette formed ?		chose the title of a 1975 dr. feelgood song , " roxette " .		where did roxette get her start ?		where did roxette get started ?
roxette		1979 - 1986 : formation		when was roxette formed ?		chose the title of a 1975 dr. feelgood song , " roxette " .		where did roxette get her start ?		the newly named roxette issued one near - invisible release in the us , " teaser japanese " , whose video reached mtv 's studio but received no		what was the outcome of roxette 's first release ?		what was the outcome of roxette 's first release ?
roxette		1979 - 1986 : formation		when was roxette formed ?		chose the title of a 1975 dr. feelgood song , " roxette " .		where did roxette get her start ?		the newly named roxette issued one near - invisible release in the us , " teaser japanese " , whose video reached mtv 's studio but received no		what was the outcome of roxette 's first release ?		but received no rotation to speak of . it , and subsequent singles , fared better in sweden , and		where did roxette find early success ?		where did roxette find early success ?
roxette		1979 - 1986 : formation		when was roxette formed ?		chose the title of a 1975 dr. feelgood song , " roxette " .		where did roxette get her start ?		the newly named roxette issued one near - invisible release in the us , " teaser japanese " , whose video reached mtv 's studio but received no		what was the outcome of roxette 's first release ?		but received no rotation to speak of . it , and subsequent singles , fared better in sweden , and		where did roxette find early success ?		it , and subsequent singles , fared better in sweden , and gyllene tider briefly toured the country to support the album . however , "		what happened when roxette 's album was released ?		what happened when roxette 's album was released ?
roxette		1979 - 1986 : formation		when was roxette formed ?		chose the title of a 1975 dr. feelgood song , " roxette " .		where did roxette get her start ?		the newly named roxette issued one near - invisible release in the us , " teaser japanese " , whose video reached mtv 's studio but received no		what was the outcome of roxette 's first release ?		but received no rotation to speak of . it , and subsequent singles , fared better in sweden , and		where did roxette find early success ?		it , and subsequent singles , fared better in sweden , and gyllene tider briefly toured the country to support the album . however , "		what happened when roxette 's album was released ?		however , " the album died soon enough and the international career		what happened to roxette 's international career ?		what happened to roxette 's international career ?
roxette		1979 - 1986 : formation		when was roxette formed ?		chose the title of a 1975 dr. feelgood song , " roxette " .		where did roxette get her start ?		the newly named roxette issued one near - invisible release in the us , " teaser japanese " , whose video reached mtv 's studio but received no		what was the outcome of roxette 's first release ?		but received no rotation to speak of . it , and subsequent singles , fared better in sweden , and		where did roxette find early success ?		it , and subsequent singles , fared better in sweden , and gyllene tider briefly toured the country to support the album . however , "		what happened when roxette 's album was released ?		however , " the album died soon enough and the international career		what happened to roxette 's international career ?		and the international career died before it even started " , gessle wrote . " we decided to		what did gessle say about roxette ?		what did gessle say about roxette ?
roxette		1979 - 1986 : formation		when was roxette formed ?		chose the title of a 1975 dr. feelgood song , " roxette " .		where did roxette get her start ?		the newly named roxette issued one near - invisible release in the us , " teaser japanese " , whose video reached mtv 's studio but received no		what was the outcome of roxette 's first release ?		but received no rotation to speak of . it , and subsequent singles , fared better in sweden , and		where did roxette find early success ?		it , and subsequent singles , fared better in sweden , and gyllene tider briefly toured the country to support the album . however , "		what happened when roxette 's album was released ?		however , " the album died soon enough and the international career		what happened to roxette 's international career ?		and the international career died before it even started " , gessle wrote . " we decided to		what did gessle say about roxette ?		" we decided to put gyllene tider to rest ... until further notice . " gessle then turned solo work , recording his second		what did roxette do after the first album ?		what did roxette do after the first album ?
roxette		1979 - 1986 : formation		when was roxette formed ?		chose the title of a 1975 dr. feelgood song , " roxette " .		where did roxette get her start ?		the newly named roxette issued one near - invisible release in the us , " teaser japanese " , whose video reached mtv 's studio but received no		what was the outcome of roxette 's first release ?		but received no rotation to speak of . it , and subsequent singles , fared better in sweden , and		where did roxette find early success ?		it , and subsequent singles , fared better in sweden , and gyllene tider briefly toured the country to support the album . however , "		what happened when roxette 's album was released ?		however , " the album died soon enough and the international career		what happened to roxette 's international career ?		and the international career died before it even started " , gessle wrote . " we decided to		what did gessle say about roxette ?		" we decided to put gyllene tider to rest ... until further notice . " gessle then turned solo work , recording his second		what did roxette do after the first album ?		work , recording his second swedish - language solo album , scener , released in 1985 and again featuring		who did roxette 's scener feature ?		who did roxette 's scener feature ?
roxette		1979 - 1986 : formation		when was roxette formed ?		chose the title of a 1975 dr. feelgood song , " roxette " .		where did roxette get her start ?		the newly named roxette issued one near - invisible release in the us , " teaser japanese " , whose video reached mtv 's studio but received no		what was the outcome of roxette 's first release ?		but received no rotation to speak of . it , and subsequent singles , fared better in sweden , and		where did roxette find early success ?		it , and subsequent singles , fared better in sweden , and gyllene tider briefly toured the country to support the album . however , "		what happened when roxette 's album was released ?		however , " the album died soon enough and the international career		what happened to roxette 's international career ?		and the international career died before it even started " , gessle wrote . " we decided to		what did gessle say about roxette ?		" we decided to put gyllene tider to rest ... until further notice . " gessle then turned solo work , recording his second		what did roxette do after the first album ?		work , recording his second swedish - language solo album , scener , released in 1985 and again featuring		who did roxette 's scener feature ?		scener , released in 1985 and again featuring fredriksson on background vocals . while fredriksson recorded her second solo album ,		what happened when roxette recorded the second solo album ?		what happened when roxette recorded the second solo album ?
the specials		band split , rebirth as the special aka ( 1982 - 84 )		why did the specials split up ?		why did the specials split up ?
the specials		band split , rebirth as the special aka ( 1982 - 84 )		why did the specials split up ?		" . the controversial track described an incident of date rape , and its frank and harrowing depiction of the matter meant that airplay was severely limited .		was anyone in the band involved in any legal troubles ?		was anyone in the band the specials involved in any legal troubles ?
the specials		band split , rebirth as the special aka ( 1982 - 84 )		why did the specials split up ?		" . the controversial track described an incident of date rape , and its frank and harrowing depiction of the matter meant that airplay was severely limited .		was anyone in the band involved in any legal troubles ?		i do n't know .		when did the band come back together ?		when did the band the specials come back together ?
the specials		band split , rebirth as the special aka ( 1982 - 84 )		why did the specials split up ?		" . the controversial track described an incident of date rape , and its frank and harrowing depiction of the matter meant that airplay was severely limited .		was anyone in the band involved in any legal troubles ?		i do n't know .		when did the band come back together ?		the new line - up ( still known as the special aka ) finally issued a new full - length album in the studio in 1984 .		did all of the members come back ?		did all of the specials members come back to the special aka ?
the specials		band split , rebirth as the special aka ( 1982 - 84 )		why did the specials split up ?		" . the controversial track described an incident of date rape , and its frank and harrowing depiction of the matter meant that airplay was severely limited .		was anyone in the band involved in any legal troubles ?		i do n't know .		when did the band come back together ?		the new line - up ( still known as the special aka ) finally issued a new full - length album in the studio in 1984 .		did all of the members come back ?		dakar , campbell , bradbury , dammers , shipley and new bassist gary mcmanus . cuthell , newton , panter and radiation		were there any live performances as the special aka ?		were there any live performances by the special aka ?
the specials		band split , rebirth as the special aka ( 1982 - 84 )		why did the specials split up ?		" . the controversial track described an incident of date rape , and its frank and harrowing depiction of the matter meant that airplay was severely limited .		was anyone in the band involved in any legal troubles ?		i do n't know .		when did the band come back together ?		the new line - up ( still known as the special aka ) finally issued a new full - length album in the studio in 1984 .		did all of the members come back ?		dakar , campbell , bradbury , dammers , shipley and new bassist gary mcmanus . cuthell , newton , panter and radiation		were there any live performances as the special aka ?		in the studio was less successful than previous efforts , although the 1984 single " free nelson mandela "		did they have any top hits on the chart after the rebirth ?		did the specials have any top hits on the chart after the rebirth as the special aka ?
gwar		scumdogs of the universe and this toilet earth ( 1990 - 1994 )		is this a album ?		is scumdogs of the universe an album ?
gwar		scumdogs of the universe and this toilet earth ( 1990 - 1994 )		is this a album ?		with gwar 's line - up somewhat solidified , the band would set up to record scumdogs of the universe		what kind of music is it ?		what kind of music is scumdogs of the universe ?
gwar		scumdogs of the universe and this toilet earth ( 1990 - 1994 )		is this a album ?		with gwar 's line - up somewhat solidified , the band would set up to record scumdogs of the universe		what kind of music is it ?		metal blade records		how many songs were on the album ?		how many songs were on scumdogs of the universe ?
gwar		scumdogs of the universe and this toilet earth ( 1990 - 1994 )		is this a album ?		with gwar 's line - up somewhat solidified , the band would set up to record scumdogs of the universe		what kind of music is it ?		metal blade records		how many songs were on the album ?		i do n't know .		who were the artists ?		who were the artists on scumdogs of the universe ?
gwar		scumdogs of the universe and this toilet earth ( 1990 - 1994 )		is this a album ?		with gwar 's line - up somewhat solidified , the band would set up to record scumdogs of the universe		what kind of music is it ?		metal blade records		how many songs were on the album ?		i do n't know .		who were the artists ?		produced by ivan healy purvis ,		did it win any awards ?		did scumdogs of the universe win any awards ?
gwar		scumdogs of the universe and this toilet earth ( 1990 - 1994 )		is this a album ?		with gwar 's line - up somewhat solidified , the band would set up to record scumdogs of the universe		what kind of music is it ?		metal blade records		how many songs were on the album ?		i do n't know .		who were the artists ?		produced by ivan healy purvis ,		did it win any awards ?		the album met a moderately large mainstream success		where did it get its name ?		where did the album scumdogs of the universe get its name ?
william f. buckley jr.		education , military service , and the cia		where did he go to school ?		where did william f. buckley jr. go to school ?
william f. buckley jr.		education , military service , and the cia		where did he go to school ?		buckley was homeschooled through the 8th grade using the calvert school of baltimore 's homeschool curriculum .		where did he go to high school ?		where did buckley go to high school ?
william f. buckley jr.		education , military service , and the cia		where did he go to school ?		buckley was homeschooled through the 8th grade using the calvert school of baltimore 's homeschool curriculum .		where did he go to high school ?		i do n't know .		when did he join the military ?		when did buckley join the military ?
william f. buckley jr.		education , military service , and the cia		where did he go to school ?		buckley was homeschooled through the 8th grade using the calvert school of baltimore 's homeschool curriculum .		where did he go to high school ?		i do n't know .		when did he join the military ?		1943 .		how long did he serve in the military ?		where did buckley serve in the military during wwii ?
william f. buckley jr.		education , military service , and the cia		where did he go to school ?		buckley was homeschooled through the 8th grade using the calvert school of baltimore 's homeschool curriculum .		where did he go to high school ?		i do n't know .		when did he join the military ?		1943 .		how long did he serve in the military ?		he served stateside throughout the war at fort benning , georgia ; fort gordon , georgia ; and fort sam houston , texas .		when did he join the cia ?		when did buckley join the cia ?
william f. buckley jr.		education , military service , and the cia		where did he go to school ?		buckley was homeschooled through the 8th grade using the calvert school of baltimore 's homeschool curriculum .		where did he go to high school ?		i do n't know .		when did he join the military ?		1943 .		how long did he serve in the military ?		he served stateside throughout the war at fort benning , georgia ; fort gordon , georgia ; and fort sam houston , texas .		when did he join the cia ?		in 1951 , along with many other ivy league alumni , buckley was recruited into the central intelligence agency ( cia ) ;		how long was he in the cia ?		how long did buckley serve in the cia ?
william f. buckley jr.		education , military service , and the cia		where did he go to school ?		buckley was homeschooled through the 8th grade using the calvert school of baltimore 's homeschool curriculum .		where did he go to high school ?		i do n't know .		when did he join the military ?		1943 .		how long did he serve in the military ?		he served stateside throughout the war at fort benning , georgia ; fort gordon , georgia ; and fort sam houston , texas .		when did he join the cia ?		in 1951 , along with many other ivy league alumni , buckley was recruited into the central intelligence agency ( cia ) ;		how long was he in the cia ?		he served for two years including one year in mexico city working on political action for e. howard hunt ,		what did he do next ?		what did buckley do in his 2nd year at the cia ?
james baldwin		education		where did he do to school ?		where did james baldwin go to school ?
james baldwin		education		where did he do to school ?		baldwin attended p.s. 24 on 128th street , between fifth and madison avenues in harlem ,		did he go to college ?		did james baldwin go to college ?
james baldwin		education		where did he do to school ?		baldwin attended p.s. 24 on 128th street , between fifth and madison avenues in harlem ,		did he go to college ?		i do n't know .		did he further is education an any other ways ?		did james baldwin further is education an any other ways besides college and attending p.s. 24 ?
james baldwin		education		where did he do to school ?		baldwin attended p.s. 24 on 128th street , between fifth and madison avenues in harlem ,		did he go to college ?		i do n't know .		did he further is education an any other ways ?		his middle school years were spent at frederick douglass junior high where he was influenced by poet countee cullen ,		how did he influence him ?		how did countee cullen influence james baldwin ?
james baldwin		education		where did he do to school ?		baldwin attended p.s. 24 on 128th street , between fifth and madison avenues in harlem ,		did he go to college ?		i do n't know .		did he further is education an any other ways ?		his middle school years were spent at frederick douglass junior high where he was influenced by poet countee cullen ,		how did he influence him ?		a leading figure in the harlem renaissance ,		did he have any other influences ?		did james baldwin have any influences besides countee cullen ?
james baldwin		education		where did he do to school ?		baldwin attended p.s. 24 on 128th street , between fifth and madison avenues in harlem ,		did he go to college ?		i do n't know .		did he further is education an any other ways ?		his middle school years were spent at frederick douglass junior high where he was influenced by poet countee cullen ,		how did he influence him ?		a leading figure in the harlem renaissance ,		did he have any other influences ?		and was encouraged by his math teacher to serve as editor of the school newspaper , the douglass pilot .		did he teach ?		did james baldwin teach ?
james baldwin		education		where did he do to school ?		baldwin attended p.s. 24 on 128th street , between fifth and madison avenues in harlem ,		did he go to college ?		i do n't know .		did he further is education an any other ways ?		his middle school years were spent at frederick douglass junior high where he was influenced by poet countee cullen ,		how did he influence him ?		a leading figure in the harlem renaissance ,		did he have any other influences ?		and was encouraged by his math teacher to serve as editor of the school newspaper , the douglass pilot .		did he teach ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article besides james baldwin being influenced by countee cullen and attending frederick douglass junior high ?
james baldwin		education		where did he do to school ?		baldwin attended p.s. 24 on 128th street , between fifth and madison avenues in harlem ,		did he go to college ?		i do n't know .		did he further is education an any other ways ?		his middle school years were spent at frederick douglass junior high where he was influenced by poet countee cullen ,		how did he influence him ?		a leading figure in the harlem renaissance ,		did he have any other influences ?		and was encouraged by his math teacher to serve as editor of the school newspaper , the douglass pilot .		did he teach ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		as recounted in " notes of a native son , " when he was nine and a half years old , baldwin wrote a play that was directed by a teacher at his school .		did he write anything else ?		did james baldwin write anything other than the play written when baldwin was nine and a half years old ?
james baldwin		education		where did he do to school ?		baldwin attended p.s. 24 on 128th street , between fifth and madison avenues in harlem ,		did he go to college ?		i do n't know .		did he further is education an any other ways ?		his middle school years were spent at frederick douglass junior high where he was influenced by poet countee cullen ,		how did he influence him ?		a leading figure in the harlem renaissance ,		did he have any other influences ?		and was encouraged by his math teacher to serve as editor of the school newspaper , the douglass pilot .		did he teach ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		as recounted in " notes of a native son , " when he was nine and a half years old , baldwin wrote a play that was directed by a teacher at his school .		did he write anything else ?		seeing his talent and potential , she offered to take him to " real " plays .		did he preform in any plays ?		did james baldwin preform in any plays ?
james baldwin		education		where did he do to school ?		baldwin attended p.s. 24 on 128th street , between fifth and madison avenues in harlem ,		did he go to college ?		i do n't know .		did he further is education an any other ways ?		his middle school years were spent at frederick douglass junior high where he was influenced by poet countee cullen ,		how did he influence him ?		a leading figure in the harlem renaissance ,		did he have any other influences ?		and was encouraged by his math teacher to serve as editor of the school newspaper , the douglass pilot .		did he teach ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		as recounted in " notes of a native son , " when he was nine and a half years old , baldwin wrote a play that was directed by a teacher at his school .		did he write anything else ?		seeing his talent and potential , she offered to take him to " real " plays .		did he preform in any plays ?		i do n't know .		where his plays successful ?		where james baldwin 's plays successful ?
james baldwin		education		where did he do to school ?		baldwin attended p.s. 24 on 128th street , between fifth and madison avenues in harlem ,		did he go to college ?		i do n't know .		did he further is education an any other ways ?		his middle school years were spent at frederick douglass junior high where he was influenced by poet countee cullen ,		how did he influence him ?		a leading figure in the harlem renaissance ,		did he have any other influences ?		and was encouraged by his math teacher to serve as editor of the school newspaper , the douglass pilot .		did he teach ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		as recounted in " notes of a native son , " when he was nine and a half years old , baldwin wrote a play that was directed by a teacher at his school .		did he write anything else ?		seeing his talent and potential , she offered to take him to " real " plays .		did he preform in any plays ?		i do n't know .		where his plays successful ?		i do n't know .		what other education did he have ?		what other education did james baldwin have besides frederick douglass junior high ?
james baldwin		education		where did he do to school ?		baldwin attended p.s. 24 on 128th street , between fifth and madison avenues in harlem ,		did he go to college ?		i do n't know .		did he further is education an any other ways ?		his middle school years were spent at frederick douglass junior high where he was influenced by poet countee cullen ,		how did he influence him ?		a leading figure in the harlem renaissance ,		did he have any other influences ?		and was encouraged by his math teacher to serve as editor of the school newspaper , the douglass pilot .		did he teach ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		as recounted in " notes of a native son , " when he was nine and a half years old , baldwin wrote a play that was directed by a teacher at his school .		did he write anything else ?		seeing his talent and potential , she offered to take him to " real " plays .		did he preform in any plays ?		i do n't know .		where his plays successful ?		i do n't know .		what other education did he have ?		dewitt clinton high school in the bronx 's bedford park section .		did he graduate from the hs ?		did james baldwin graduate from dewitt clinton high school ?
billy hughes		paris peace conference		when was the paris peace conference ?		when was the paris peace conference ?
billy hughes		paris peace conference		when was the paris peace conference ?		in 1919 hughes , with former prime minister joseph cook , travelled to paris to attend the versailles peace conference . he remained away for 16 months ,		what happened at the conference ?		what happened at the paris peace conference ?
billy hughes		paris peace conference		when was the paris peace conference ?		in 1919 hughes , with former prime minister joseph cook , travelled to paris to attend the versailles peace conference . he remained away for 16 months ,		what happened at the conference ?		signed the treaty of versailles on behalf of australia - the first time australia had signed an international treaty .		what did the treaty entail ?		what did the treaty of versailles entail ?
billy hughes		paris peace conference		when was the paris peace conference ?		in 1919 hughes , with former prime minister joseph cook , travelled to paris to attend the versailles peace conference . he remained away for 16 months ,		what happened at the conference ?		signed the treaty of versailles on behalf of australia - the first time australia had signed an international treaty .		what did the treaty entail ?		demanded heavy reparations from germany , suggesting a staggering sum of ps24,000,000,000 of which australia would claim many millions to off - set its own war debt .		who was at the conference ?		who was at the paris peace conference ?
billy hughes		paris peace conference		when was the paris peace conference ?		in 1919 hughes , with former prime minister joseph cook , travelled to paris to attend the versailles peace conference . he remained away for 16 months ,		what happened at the conference ?		signed the treaty of versailles on behalf of australia - the first time australia had signed an international treaty .		what did the treaty entail ?		demanded heavy reparations from germany , suggesting a staggering sum of ps24,000,000,000 of which australia would claim many millions to off - set its own war debt .		who was at the conference ?		former prime minister joseph cook ,		was there any controversy around it ?		was there any controversy around former prime minister joseph cook ?
nicole scherzinger		2014-present : big fat lie and television		what was big fat lie ?		what was big fat lie ?
nicole scherzinger		2014-present : big fat lie and television		what was big fat lie ?		scherzinger 's second studio album , big fat lie		when was it released ?		when was the big fat lie released ?
nicole scherzinger		2014-present : big fat lie and television		what was big fat lie ?		scherzinger 's second studio album , big fat lie		when was it released ?		was released in october ;		did it have any singles ?		did the big fat lie have any singles ?
nicole scherzinger		2014-present : big fat lie and television		what was big fat lie ?		scherzinger 's second studio album , big fat lie		when was it released ?		was released in october ;		did it have any singles ?		the album was preceded by the singles " your love " , " run " and " on the rocks " ;		did the album chart ?		did the album big fat lie chart ?
nicole scherzinger		2014-present : big fat lie and television		what was big fat lie ?		scherzinger 's second studio album , big fat lie		when was it released ?		was released in october ;		did it have any singles ?		the album was preceded by the singles " your love " , " run " and " on the rocks " ;		did the album chart ?		uk albums chart it spent two weeks inside the top 100 peaking at number 17 ;		did it sell many copies ?		did the album big fat lie sell many copies ?
nicole scherzinger		2014-present : big fat lie and television		what was big fat lie ?		scherzinger 's second studio album , big fat lie		when was it released ?		was released in october ;		did it have any singles ?		the album was preceded by the singles " your love " , " run " and " on the rocks " ;		did the album chart ?		uk albums chart it spent two weeks inside the top 100 peaking at number 17 ;		did it sell many copies ?		its poor sales led to her departure from rca records .		why did she leave rca ?		why did nicole scherzinger leave rca ?
nicole scherzinger		2014-present : big fat lie and television		what was big fat lie ?		scherzinger 's second studio album , big fat lie		when was it released ?		was released in october ;		did it have any singles ?		the album was preceded by the singles " your love " , " run " and " on the rocks " ;		did the album chart ?		uk albums chart it spent two weeks inside the top 100 peaking at number 17 ;		did it sell many copies ?		its poor sales led to her departure from rca records .		why did she leave rca ?		its poor sales led to her departure		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article besides the information about the album big fat lie and the fact than poor sales of this album led to nicole scherzinger departure from rca ?
nicole scherzinger		2014-present : big fat lie and television		what was big fat lie ?		scherzinger 's second studio album , big fat lie		when was it released ?		was released in october ;		did it have any singles ?		the album was preceded by the singles " your love " , " run " and " on the rocks " ;		did the album chart ?		uk albums chart it spent two weeks inside the top 100 peaking at number 17 ;		did it sell many copies ?		its poor sales led to her departure from rca records .		why did she leave rca ?		its poor sales led to her departure		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		on june 30 , 2015 scherzinger was crowned as the winner of the variety show i can do that		what was her performance ?		what was nicole scherzinger 's performance in the show " i can do that " ?
smash ( the offspring album )		writing and composition		what was their first big hit ?		what was the offspring 's first big hit ?
smash ( the offspring album )		writing and composition		what was their first big hit ?		the offspring 's first major single release , " come out and play " , which reached # 1 on billboard modern rock tracks chart .		what was the second single ?		what was the second single ?
smash ( the offspring album )		writing and composition		what was their first big hit ?		the offspring 's first major single release , " come out and play " , which reached # 1 on billboard modern rock tracks chart .		what was the second single ?		the second single released from the album , " self esteem " , became a radio hit , managing to peak at number 4 on the billboard modern rock tracks chart ,		what was the song about ?		what was self esteem about ?
smash ( the offspring album )		writing and composition		what was their first big hit ?		the offspring 's first major single release , " come out and play " , which reached # 1 on billboard modern rock tracks chart .		what was the second single ?		the second single released from the album , " self esteem " , became a radio hit , managing to peak at number 4 on the billboard modern rock tracks chart ,		what was the song about ?		the lyrics are about an abusive relationship in which the girl takes advantage of her boyfriend , as he has " no self - esteem " to stand up to her .		was the song about the band members ?		was self esteem about the the offspring members ?
smash ( the offspring album )		writing and composition		what was their first big hit ?		the offspring 's first major single release , " come out and play " , which reached # 1 on billboard modern rock tracks chart .		what was the second single ?		the second single released from the album , " self esteem " , became a radio hit , managing to peak at number 4 on the billboard modern rock tracks chart ,		what was the song about ?		the lyrics are about an abusive relationship in which the girl takes advantage of her boyfriend , as he has " no self - esteem " to stand up to her .		was the song about the band members ?		contrary to popular belief , the song is not autobiographical .		did they say who the song was about ?		did the offspring say who self esteem was about ?
smash ( the offspring album )		writing and composition		what was their first big hit ?		the offspring 's first major single release , " come out and play " , which reached # 1 on billboard modern rock tracks chart .		what was the second single ?		the second single released from the album , " self esteem " , became a radio hit , managing to peak at number 4 on the billboard modern rock tracks chart ,		what was the song about ?		the lyrics are about an abusive relationship in which the girl takes advantage of her boyfriend , as he has " no self - esteem " to stand up to her .		was the song about the band members ?		contrary to popular belief , the song is not autobiographical .		did they say who the song was about ?		in an interview dexter revealed that it is about one of his old friends .		how well did the song do ?		how well did self esteem do ?
smash ( the offspring album )		writing and composition		what was their first big hit ?		the offspring 's first major single release , " come out and play " , which reached # 1 on billboard modern rock tracks chart .		what was the second single ?		the second single released from the album , " self esteem " , became a radio hit , managing to peak at number 4 on the billboard modern rock tracks chart ,		what was the song about ?		the lyrics are about an abusive relationship in which the girl takes advantage of her boyfriend , as he has " no self - esteem " to stand up to her .		was the song about the band members ?		contrary to popular belief , the song is not autobiographical .		did they say who the song was about ?		in an interview dexter revealed that it is about one of his old friends .		how well did the song do ?		this song was the most successful and most popular of the album 's three singles .		what was the third song ?		what was the third song ?
smash ( the offspring album )		writing and composition		what was their first big hit ?		the offspring 's first major single release , " come out and play " , which reached # 1 on billboard modern rock tracks chart .		what was the second single ?		the second single released from the album , " self esteem " , became a radio hit , managing to peak at number 4 on the billboard modern rock tracks chart ,		what was the song about ?		the lyrics are about an abusive relationship in which the girl takes advantage of her boyfriend , as he has " no self - esteem " to stand up to her .		was the song about the band members ?		contrary to popular belief , the song is not autobiographical .		did they say who the song was about ?		in an interview dexter revealed that it is about one of his old friends .		how well did the song do ?		this song was the most successful and most popular of the album 's three singles .		what was the third song ?		the third single , " got ta get away " was another rock radio hit , although it was not as successful as the previous two singles .		where did it place on the charts ?		where did got ta get away place on the charts ?
smash ( the offspring album )		writing and composition		what was their first big hit ?		the offspring 's first major single release , " come out and play " , which reached # 1 on billboard modern rock tracks chart .		what was the second single ?		the second single released from the album , " self esteem " , became a radio hit , managing to peak at number 4 on the billboard modern rock tracks chart ,		what was the song about ?		the lyrics are about an abusive relationship in which the girl takes advantage of her boyfriend , as he has " no self - esteem " to stand up to her .		was the song about the band members ?		contrary to popular belief , the song is not autobiographical .		did they say who the song was about ?		in an interview dexter revealed that it is about one of his old friends .		how well did the song do ?		this song was the most successful and most popular of the album 's three singles .		what was the third song ?		the third single , " got ta get away " was another rock radio hit , although it was not as successful as the previous two singles .		where did it place on the charts ?		the song reached number 6 on the billboard modern rock tracks chart .		when did they write the song ?		when did the offspring write the song ?
smash ( the offspring album )		writing and composition		what was their first big hit ?		the offspring 's first major single release , " come out and play " , which reached # 1 on billboard modern rock tracks chart .		what was the second single ?		the second single released from the album , " self esteem " , became a radio hit , managing to peak at number 4 on the billboard modern rock tracks chart ,		what was the song about ?		the lyrics are about an abusive relationship in which the girl takes advantage of her boyfriend , as he has " no self - esteem " to stand up to her .		was the song about the band members ?		contrary to popular belief , the song is not autobiographical .		did they say who the song was about ?		in an interview dexter revealed that it is about one of his old friends .		how well did the song do ?		this song was the most successful and most popular of the album 's three singles .		what was the third song ?		the third single , " got ta get away " was another rock radio hit , although it was not as successful as the previous two singles .		where did it place on the charts ?		the song reached number 6 on the billboard modern rock tracks chart .		when did they write the song ?		i do n't know .		what was the fourth song ?		what was the fourth song ?
smash ( the offspring album )		writing and composition		what was their first big hit ?		the offspring 's first major single release , " come out and play " , which reached # 1 on billboard modern rock tracks chart .		what was the second single ?		the second single released from the album , " self esteem " , became a radio hit , managing to peak at number 4 on the billboard modern rock tracks chart ,		what was the song about ?		the lyrics are about an abusive relationship in which the girl takes advantage of her boyfriend , as he has " no self - esteem " to stand up to her .		was the song about the band members ?		contrary to popular belief , the song is not autobiographical .		did they say who the song was about ?		in an interview dexter revealed that it is about one of his old friends .		how well did the song do ?		this song was the most successful and most popular of the album 's three singles .		what was the third song ?		the third single , " got ta get away " was another rock radio hit , although it was not as successful as the previous two singles .		where did it place on the charts ?		the song reached number 6 on the billboard modern rock tracks chart .		when did they write the song ?		i do n't know .		what was the fourth song ?		a fourth song , " bad habit " , received radio play in some areas , but was never officially released .		do fans like the song ?		do fans like bad habit ?
smash ( the offspring album )		writing and composition		what was their first big hit ?		the offspring 's first major single release , " come out and play " , which reached # 1 on billboard modern rock tracks chart .		what was the second single ?		the second single released from the album , " self esteem " , became a radio hit , managing to peak at number 4 on the billboard modern rock tracks chart ,		what was the song about ?		the lyrics are about an abusive relationship in which the girl takes advantage of her boyfriend , as he has " no self - esteem " to stand up to her .		was the song about the band members ?		contrary to popular belief , the song is not autobiographical .		did they say who the song was about ?		in an interview dexter revealed that it is about one of his old friends .		how well did the song do ?		this song was the most successful and most popular of the album 's three singles .		what was the third song ?		the third single , " got ta get away " was another rock radio hit , although it was not as successful as the previous two singles .		where did it place on the charts ?		the song reached number 6 on the billboard modern rock tracks chart .		when did they write the song ?		i do n't know .		what was the fourth song ?		a fourth song , " bad habit " , received radio play in some areas , but was never officially released .		do fans like the song ?		however , it is often their set opener and is a favorite among fans .		what are the lyrics about ?		what are the lyrics about ?
tyga		2011 - 12 : careless world : rise of the last king		what was careless world : rise of the last king ?		what was careless world : rise of the last king ?
tyga		2011 - 12 : careless world : rise of the last king		what was careless world : rise of the last king ?		careless world : rise of the last king was his second studio album .		when was it released ?		when was careless world : rise of the last king by tyga released ?
tyga		2011 - 12 : careless world : rise of the last king		what was careless world : rise of the last king ?		careless world : rise of the last king was his second studio album .		when was it released ?		the album was released on february 21 , 2012		did he have and collaborations on the album ?		did tyga have any collaborations on careless world : rise of the last king ?
tyga		2011 - 12 : careless world : rise of the last king		what was careless world : rise of the last king ?		careless world : rise of the last king was his second studio album .		when was it released ?		the album was released on february 21 , 2012		did he have and collaborations on the album ?		tyga 's sixth single , " do my dance " which features 2 chainz		did he have any hits from this album ?		did tyga have any hits from the album careless world : rise of the last king ?
tyga		2011 - 12 : careless world : rise of the last king		what was careless world : rise of the last king ?		careless world : rise of the last king was his second studio album .		when was it released ?		the album was released on february 21 , 2012		did he have and collaborations on the album ?		tyga 's sixth single , " do my dance " which features 2 chainz		did he have any hits from this album ?		do my dance " which features 2 chainz was released on october 2 , 2012 and peaked at # 79 on the billboard hot 100 .		what label was he under when he released this album ?		what label was tyga under when he released the album careless world : rise of the last king ?
tyga		2011 - 12 : careless world : rise of the last king		what was careless world : rise of the last king ?		careless world : rise of the last king was his second studio album .		when was it released ?		the album was released on february 21 , 2012		did he have and collaborations on the album ?		tyga 's sixth single , " do my dance " which features 2 chainz		did he have any hits from this album ?		do my dance " which features 2 chainz was released on october 2 , 2012 and peaked at # 79 on the billboard hot 100 .		what label was he under when he released this album ?		the album was released on february 21 , 2012 on young money entertainment , cash money records , and universal republic records .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article , aside from tyga peaking at # 79 on the billboard hot 100 ? ?
tyga		2011 - 12 : careless world : rise of the last king		what was careless world : rise of the last king ?		careless world : rise of the last king was his second studio album .		when was it released ?		the album was released on february 21 , 2012		did he have and collaborations on the album ?		tyga 's sixth single , " do my dance " which features 2 chainz		did he have any hits from this album ?		do my dance " which features 2 chainz was released on october 2 , 2012 and peaked at # 79 on the billboard hot 100 .		what label was he under when he released this album ?		the album was released on february 21 , 2012 on young money entertainment , cash money records , and universal republic records .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		that year tyga also produced and co - directed ( with justice young ) a multi - avn award - nominated crossover adult film ,		did he do any other movies ?		did tyga do any other movies , aside from the adult movie he produced with justice young ? ?
cynic ( band )		musical style		what was there musical style ?		what was cynic 's musical style ?
cynic ( band )		musical style		what was there musical style ?		cynic 's first recordings feature a more punk , thrash and hardcore sound , but in the 1990s their sound changed		what did their sound change to ?		what did cynic 's sound change to , from punk , thrash and hardcore ?
cynic ( band )		musical style		what was there musical style ?		cynic 's first recordings feature a more punk , thrash and hardcore sound , but in the 1990s their sound changed		what did their sound change to ?		a highly complex , experimental and extremely technical form of progressive metal , while still retaining their death metal roots .		did they change their sound any more ?		did cynic 's change their sound any more from progressive metal , retaining death metal roots ?
cynic ( band )		musical style		what was there musical style ?		cynic 's first recordings feature a more punk , thrash and hardcore sound , but in the 1990s their sound changed		what did their sound change to ?		a highly complex , experimental and extremely technical form of progressive metal , while still retaining their death metal roots .		did they change their sound any more ?		many influences from jazz and jazz - rock fusion can be heard on their debut album focus .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article on cynic 's other than their change in musical style from punk hardcore to progressive metal ?
cynic ( band )		musical style		what was there musical style ?		cynic 's first recordings feature a more punk , thrash and hardcore sound , but in the 1990s their sound changed		what did their sound change to ?		a highly complex , experimental and extremely technical form of progressive metal , while still retaining their death metal roots .		did they change their sound any more ?		many influences from jazz and jazz - rock fusion can be heard on their debut album focus .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		cynic 's 2008 album traced in air melded together the styles and influences heard on 1993 's focus with the more progressive - oriented portal approach .		what is a portal approach ?		what is a portal approach ?
cynic ( band )		musical style		what was there musical style ?		cynic 's first recordings feature a more punk , thrash and hardcore sound , but in the 1990s their sound changed		what did their sound change to ?		a highly complex , experimental and extremely technical form of progressive metal , while still retaining their death metal roots .		did they change their sound any more ?		many influences from jazz and jazz - rock fusion can be heard on their debut album focus .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		cynic 's 2008 album traced in air melded together the styles and influences heard on 1993 's focus with the more progressive - oriented portal approach .		what is a portal approach ?		the offshoot portal later released a demo recording that continues even further in the direction of progressive space rock , refining and softening up their sound .		anything else interesting ?		anything else interesting about cynic 's besides their change in musical styles and portal approach ?
cynic ( band )		musical style		what was there musical style ?		cynic 's first recordings feature a more punk , thrash and hardcore sound , but in the 1990s their sound changed		what did their sound change to ?		a highly complex , experimental and extremely technical form of progressive metal , while still retaining their death metal roots .		did they change their sound any more ?		many influences from jazz and jazz - rock fusion can be heard on their debut album focus .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		cynic 's 2008 album traced in air melded together the styles and influences heard on 1993 's focus with the more progressive - oriented portal approach .		what is a portal approach ?		the offshoot portal later released a demo recording that continues even further in the direction of progressive space rock , refining and softening up their sound .		anything else interesting ?		" cynic should be understood not so much alongside any metal bands but along with the radical harmonic progressives in the last 45 years of pop and jazz :		musically , what was there most diverse album ?		musically , what was cynic 's most diverse album ?
cynic ( band )		musical style		what was there musical style ?		cynic 's first recordings feature a more punk , thrash and hardcore sound , but in the 1990s their sound changed		what did their sound change to ?		a highly complex , experimental and extremely technical form of progressive metal , while still retaining their death metal roots .		did they change their sound any more ?		many influences from jazz and jazz - rock fusion can be heard on their debut album focus .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		cynic 's 2008 album traced in air melded together the styles and influences heard on 1993 's focus with the more progressive - oriented portal approach .		what is a portal approach ?		the offshoot portal later released a demo recording that continues even further in the direction of progressive space rock , refining and softening up their sound .		anything else interesting ?		" cynic should be understood not so much alongside any metal bands but along with the radical harmonic progressives in the last 45 years of pop and jazz :		musically , what was there most diverse album ?		cynic 's 2008 album traced in air melded together the styles and influences heard on 1993 's focus with the more progressive - oriented portal		who were some of their musical influences ?		who were some of cynic 's musical influences ?
pierre boulez		1943 - 1946 : musical education		where did he begin his musical education in 1943 ?		where did pierre boulez begin his musical education in 1943 ?
pierre boulez		1943 - 1946 : musical education		where did he begin his musical education in 1943 ?		paris conservatoire ,		what was his primary focus ?		what was pierre boulez 's primary focus ?
pierre boulez		1943 - 1946 : musical education		where did he begin his musical education in 1943 ?		paris conservatoire ,		what was his primary focus ?		advanced piano		did he write any pieces during that time ?		did pierre boulez write any pieces during the mid 1940 's ?
pierre boulez		1943 - 1946 : musical education		where did he begin his musical education in 1943 ?		paris conservatoire ,		what was his primary focus ?		advanced piano		did he write any pieces during that time ?		i do n't know .		did he receive any special recognition as a student ?		did pierre boulez receive any special recognition as a student ?
pierre boulez		1943 - 1946 : musical education		where did he begin his musical education in 1943 ?		paris conservatoire ,		what was his primary focus ?		advanced piano		did he write any pieces during that time ?		i do n't know .		did he receive any special recognition as a student ?		in june 1945 he was one of four conservatoire students awarded premier prix , the only member of messiaen 's class to achieve this distinction .		what did he do after winning that award ?		what did pierre boulez do after winning premier prix ?
pierre boulez		1943 - 1946 : musical education		where did he begin his musical education in 1943 ?		paris conservatoire ,		what was his primary focus ?		advanced piano		did he write any pieces during that time ?		i do n't know .		did he receive any special recognition as a student ?		in june 1945 he was one of four conservatoire students awarded premier prix , the only member of messiaen 's class to achieve this distinction .		what did he do after winning that award ?		he was so infuriated by what he described as her " lack of imagination " that he boycotted the class		who had what he felt was a lack of imagination ?		who had what pierre boulez felt was a lack of imagination ?
pierre boulez		1943 - 1946 : musical education		where did he begin his musical education in 1943 ?		paris conservatoire ,		what was his primary focus ?		advanced piano		did he write any pieces during that time ?		i do n't know .		did he receive any special recognition as a student ?		in june 1945 he was one of four conservatoire students awarded premier prix , the only member of messiaen 's class to achieve this distinction .		what did he do after winning that award ?		he was so infuriated by what he described as her " lack of imagination " that he boycotted the class		who had what he felt was a lack of imagination ?		simone ple - caussade 's counterpoint and fugue class ,		what came out of the boycott ?		what came out of the pierre boulez 's boycott ?
pierre boulez		1943 - 1946 : musical education		where did he begin his musical education in 1943 ?		paris conservatoire ,		what was his primary focus ?		advanced piano		did he write any pieces during that time ?		i do n't know .		did he receive any special recognition as a student ?		in june 1945 he was one of four conservatoire students awarded premier prix , the only member of messiaen 's class to achieve this distinction .		what did he do after winning that award ?		he was so infuriated by what he described as her " lack of imagination " that he boycotted the class		who had what he felt was a lack of imagination ?		simone ple - caussade 's counterpoint and fugue class ,		what came out of the boycott ?		organized a petition that messiaen be given a full professorship in composition .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from the premier prix , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
francisco pizarro		capitulacion de toledo		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
francisco pizarro		capitulacion de toledo		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		on 10 november 1509 , pizarro sailed from spain		where did he go ?		where did pizarro go ?
francisco pizarro		capitulacion de toledo		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		on 10 november 1509 , pizarro sailed from spain		where did he go ?		to the new world		why did he want to go there ?		why did pizarro want to go to the new world ?
francisco pizarro		capitulacion de toledo		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		on 10 november 1509 , pizarro sailed from spain		where did he go ?		to the new world		why did he want to go there ?		to conquer the incan empire		what did he do there ?		what did pizarro do to conquer the incan empire ?
francisco pizarro		capitulacion de toledo		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		on 10 november 1509 , pizarro sailed from spain		where did he go ?		to the new world		why did he want to go there ?		to conquer the incan empire		what did he do there ?		the battle of cajamarca		how did that go ?		how did the battle of cajamarca go ?
francisco pizarro		capitulacion de toledo		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		on 10 november 1509 , pizarro sailed from spain		where did he go ?		to the new world		why did he want to go there ?		to conquer the incan empire		what did he do there ?		the battle of cajamarca		how did that go ?		atahualpa refused to tolerate a spanish presence in his lands , but was captured by pizarro		what did pizarro do with him ?		what did pizarro do with atahualpa ?
francisco pizarro		capitulacion de toledo		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		on 10 november 1509 , pizarro sailed from spain		where did he go ?		to the new world		why did he want to go there ?		to conquer the incan empire		what did he do there ?		the battle of cajamarca		how did that go ?		atahualpa refused to tolerate a spanish presence in his lands , but was captured by pizarro		what did pizarro do with him ?		pizarro charged him with various crimes and executed him		how did the locals react to that ?		how did the locals react to atahualpa being charged with various crimes and executed ?
francisco pizarro		capitulacion de toledo		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		on 10 november 1509 , pizarro sailed from spain		where did he go ?		to the new world		why did he want to go there ?		to conquer the incan empire		what did he do there ?		the battle of cajamarca		how did that go ?		atahualpa refused to tolerate a spanish presence in his lands , but was captured by pizarro		what did pizarro do with him ?		pizarro charged him with various crimes and executed him		how did the locals react to that ?		i do n't know .		did anyone try to overthrow him ?		did anyone try to overthrow pizarro ?
george osborne		july budget 2015		what happened with the july budget in 2015 ?		what happened with the july budget in 2015 ?
george osborne		july budget 2015		what happened with the july budget in 2015 ?		the july budget postponed the predicted arrival of a uk surplus from 2019 to 2020 , and included an extra ps18 billion more borrowing for 2016 - 20		how was that received ?		how was july budget in 2015 received ?
george osborne		july budget 2015		what happened with the july budget in 2015 ?		the july budget postponed the predicted arrival of a uk surplus from 2019 to 2020 , and included an extra ps18 billion more borrowing for 2016 - 20		how was that received ?		following public opposition and a house of lords vote against the changes , osborne scrapped these changes		was the public then satisfied ?		was the public then satisfied ?
george osborne		july budget 2015		what happened with the july budget in 2015 ?		the july budget postponed the predicted arrival of a uk surplus from 2019 to 2020 , and included an extra ps18 billion more borrowing for 2016 - 20		how was that received ?		following public opposition and a house of lords vote against the changes , osborne scrapped these changes		was the public then satisfied ?		i do n't know .		what did osborne do after scrapping the changes ?		what did george osborne do after scrapping the changes ?
george osborne		july budget 2015		what happened with the july budget in 2015 ?		the july budget postponed the predicted arrival of a uk surplus from 2019 to 2020 , and included an extra ps18 billion more borrowing for 2016 - 20		how was that received ?		following public opposition and a house of lords vote against the changes , osborne scrapped these changes		was the public then satisfied ?		i do n't know .		what did osborne do after scrapping the changes ?		saying that higher - than - expected tax receipts gave him more room for manoeuvre .		was osborne viewed positively later ?		was george osborne viewed positively later ?
richard branson		world record attempts		what are some world record attempts that richard branson has made ?		what are some world record attempts richard branson has made ?
richard branson		world record attempts		what are some world record attempts that richard branson has made ?		he attempted the fastest atlantic ocean crossing .		what is some information about the boat he used ?		what is some information about the boat richard branson used in his world record attempt of the fastest atlantic ocean crossing ?
richard branson		world record attempts		what are some world record attempts that richard branson has made ?		he attempted the fastest atlantic ocean crossing .		what is some information about the boat he used ?		his first attempt in the " virgin atlantic challenger " led to the boat capsizing in british waters and a rescue by raf helicopter , which received wide media coverage .		are there any other notable record attempts that branson made ?		are there any other notable world record attempts , other than fastest atlantic ocean crossing , that richard branson has made ?
richard branson		world record attempts		what are some world record attempts that richard branson has made ?		he attempted the fastest atlantic ocean crossing .		what is some information about the boat he used ?		his first attempt in the " virgin atlantic challenger " led to the boat capsizing in british waters and a rescue by raf helicopter , which received wide media coverage .		are there any other notable record attempts that branson made ?		1991 , branson crossed the pacific from japan to arctic canada ,		how long did it take him ?		how long did richard branson take to cross the pacific from japan to arctic canada in 1991 ?
richard branson		world record attempts		what are some world record attempts that richard branson has made ?		he attempted the fastest atlantic ocean crossing .		what is some information about the boat he used ?		his first attempt in the " virgin atlantic challenger " led to the boat capsizing in british waters and a rescue by raf helicopter , which received wide media coverage .		are there any other notable record attempts that branson made ?		1991 , branson crossed the pacific from japan to arctic canada ,		how long did it take him ?		this broke the record , with a speed of 245 miles per hour ( 394 km / h ) .		did he fail any attempts ?		did richard branson fail any attempts at crossing the pacific from japan to arctic canada ?
richard branson		world record attempts		what are some world record attempts that richard branson has made ?		he attempted the fastest atlantic ocean crossing .		what is some information about the boat he used ?		his first attempt in the " virgin atlantic challenger " led to the boat capsizing in british waters and a rescue by raf helicopter , which received wide media coverage .		are there any other notable record attempts that branson made ?		1991 , branson crossed the pacific from japan to arctic canada ,		how long did it take him ?		this broke the record , with a speed of 245 miles per hour ( 394 km / h ) .		did he fail any attempts ?		branson and his children made an unsuccessful attempt		what was this unsuccessful attempt ?		what was the unsuccessful attempt , made by richard branson and his children , at crossing the pacific from japan to arctic canada ?
richard branson		world record attempts		what are some world record attempts that richard branson has made ?		he attempted the fastest atlantic ocean crossing .		what is some information about the boat he used ?		his first attempt in the " virgin atlantic challenger " led to the boat capsizing in british waters and a rescue by raf helicopter , which received wide media coverage .		are there any other notable record attempts that branson made ?		1991 , branson crossed the pacific from japan to arctic canada ,		how long did it take him ?		this broke the record , with a speed of 245 miles per hour ( 394 km / h ) .		did he fail any attempts ?		branson and his children made an unsuccessful attempt		what was this unsuccessful attempt ?		at an eastbound record crossing of the atlantic ocean under sail in the 99 feet		what are some records that branson successfully attempted ?		what are some world records that richard branson successfully attempted ?
richard branson		world record attempts		what are some world record attempts that richard branson has made ?		he attempted the fastest atlantic ocean crossing .		what is some information about the boat he used ?		his first attempt in the " virgin atlantic challenger " led to the boat capsizing in british waters and a rescue by raf helicopter , which received wide media coverage .		are there any other notable record attempts that branson made ?		1991 , branson crossed the pacific from japan to arctic canada ,		how long did it take him ?		this broke the record , with a speed of 245 miles per hour ( 394 km / h ) .		did he fail any attempts ?		branson and his children made an unsuccessful attempt		what was this unsuccessful attempt ?		at an eastbound record crossing of the atlantic ocean under sail in the 99 feet		what are some records that branson successfully attempted ?		2004 , branson set a record by travelling from dover to calais		how did branson travel from dover to calais ?		how did richard branson travel from dover to calais when branson set the world record in 2004 ?
richard branson		world record attempts		what are some world record attempts that richard branson has made ?		he attempted the fastest atlantic ocean crossing .		what is some information about the boat he used ?		his first attempt in the " virgin atlantic challenger " led to the boat capsizing in british waters and a rescue by raf helicopter , which received wide media coverage .		are there any other notable record attempts that branson made ?		1991 , branson crossed the pacific from japan to arctic canada ,		how long did it take him ?		this broke the record , with a speed of 245 miles per hour ( 394 km / h ) .		did he fail any attempts ?		branson and his children made an unsuccessful attempt		what was this unsuccessful attempt ?		at an eastbound record crossing of the atlantic ocean under sail in the 99 feet		what are some records that branson successfully attempted ?		2004 , branson set a record by travelling from dover to calais		how did branson travel from dover to calais ?		in a gibbs aquada		did he attempt the records with anyone else ?		aside from his children , did richard branson make world record attempts with anyone else ?
richard branson		world record attempts		what are some world record attempts that richard branson has made ?		he attempted the fastest atlantic ocean crossing .		what is some information about the boat he used ?		his first attempt in the " virgin atlantic challenger " led to the boat capsizing in british waters and a rescue by raf helicopter , which received wide media coverage .		are there any other notable record attempts that branson made ?		1991 , branson crossed the pacific from japan to arctic canada ,		how long did it take him ?		this broke the record , with a speed of 245 miles per hour ( 394 km / h ) .		did he fail any attempts ?		branson and his children made an unsuccessful attempt		what was this unsuccessful attempt ?		at an eastbound record crossing of the atlantic ocean under sail in the 99 feet		what are some records that branson successfully attempted ?		2004 , branson set a record by travelling from dover to calais		how did branson travel from dover to calais ?		in a gibbs aquada		did he attempt the records with anyone else ?		between 1995 and 1998 , branson , per lindstrand , vladimir dzhanibekov , larry newman , and steve fossett made attempts to circumnavigate the globe by balloon .		were they successful in their attempts to circumnavigate the globe ?		were richard branson , per lindstrand , vladimir dzhanibekov , larry newman , and steve fossett successful in their attempts to circumnavigate the globe by balloon between 1995 and 1998 ?
richard branson		world record attempts		what are some world record attempts that richard branson has made ?		he attempted the fastest atlantic ocean crossing .		what is some information about the boat he used ?		his first attempt in the " virgin atlantic challenger " led to the boat capsizing in british waters and a rescue by raf helicopter , which received wide media coverage .		are there any other notable record attempts that branson made ?		1991 , branson crossed the pacific from japan to arctic canada ,		how long did it take him ?		this broke the record , with a speed of 245 miles per hour ( 394 km / h ) .		did he fail any attempts ?		branson and his children made an unsuccessful attempt		what was this unsuccessful attempt ?		at an eastbound record crossing of the atlantic ocean under sail in the 99 feet		what are some records that branson successfully attempted ?		2004 , branson set a record by travelling from dover to calais		how did branson travel from dover to calais ?		in a gibbs aquada		did he attempt the records with anyone else ?		between 1995 and 1998 , branson , per lindstrand , vladimir dzhanibekov , larry newman , and steve fossett made attempts to circumnavigate the globe by balloon .		were they successful in their attempts to circumnavigate the globe ?		they made a record - breaking flight from morocco to hawaii but were unable to complete a global flight		what were some problems they encountered ?		what were some problems richard branson , per lindstrand , vladimir dzhanibekov , larry newman , and steve fossett encountered in their attempts to circumnavigate the globe by balloon between 1995 and 1998 ?
the klf		k foundation and post - retirement projects		when was the k foundation started ?		when was the k foundation started ?
the klf		k foundation and post - retirement projects		when was the k foundation started ?		the k foundation was an arts foundation established by drummond and cauty in 1993 following their ' retirement ' from the music industry .		did they really retire or was it for a short period ?		did drummond and cauty really retire in 1993 ?
the klf		k foundation and post - retirement projects		when was the k foundation started ?		the k foundation was an arts foundation established by drummond and cauty in 1993 following their ' retirement ' from the music industry .		did they really retire or was it for a short period ?		from 1993 to 1995 they engaged in a number of art projects and media campaigns , including the high - profile k foundation art award ( for the " worst artist of the year " ) .		where there any other post retirement projects ?		did drummond and cauty have any other post retirement projects besides the k foundation ?
the klf		k foundation and post - retirement projects		when was the k foundation started ?		the k foundation was an arts foundation established by drummond and cauty in 1993 following their ' retirement ' from the music industry .		did they really retire or was it for a short period ?		from 1993 to 1995 they engaged in a number of art projects and media campaigns , including the high - profile k foundation art award ( for the " worst artist of the year " ) .		where there any other post retirement projects ?		most notoriously , they burnt what was left of their klf earnings -- a million pounds in cash -- and filmed the performance .		why did they burn it ?		why did drummond and cauty burn what was left of their klf earnings ?
the klf		k foundation and post - retirement projects		when was the k foundation started ?		the k foundation was an arts foundation established by drummond and cauty in 1993 following their ' retirement ' from the music industry .		did they really retire or was it for a short period ?		from 1993 to 1995 they engaged in a number of art projects and media campaigns , including the high - profile k foundation art award ( for the " worst artist of the year " ) .		where there any other post retirement projects ?		most notoriously , they burnt what was left of their klf earnings -- a million pounds in cash -- and filmed the performance .		why did they burn it ?		i do n't know .		any interesting information ?		other than their post - retirement projects , is there any interesting information about drummond and cauty ?
katrina kaif		career fluctuations ( 2015-present )		what is the main aspect of katrina career ?		what is the main aspect of katrina kaif 's career ?
katrina kaif		career fluctuations ( 2015-present )		what is the main aspect of katrina career ?		kaif 's sole appearance of 2015 was with saif ali khan in kabir khan 's post 26/11 counter - terrorism drama phantom .		what did she perform ?		what did katrina kaif perform ?
katrina kaif		career fluctuations ( 2015-present )		what is the main aspect of katrina career ?		kaif 's sole appearance of 2015 was with saif ali khan in kabir khan 's post 26/11 counter - terrorism drama phantom .		what did she perform ?		in 2016 , kaif appeared in two films .		what films ?		what films did katrina kaif appear in ?
katrina kaif		career fluctuations ( 2015-present )		what is the main aspect of katrina career ?		kaif 's sole appearance of 2015 was with saif ali khan in kabir khan 's post 26/11 counter - terrorism drama phantom .		what did she perform ?		in 2016 , kaif appeared in two films .		what films ?		abhishek kapoor 's fitoor , an adaptation of charles dickens ' great expectations ,		what kind of reviews did she recieve		what kind of reviews did katrina kaif recieve for her films ?
katrina kaif		career fluctuations ( 2015-present )		what is the main aspect of katrina career ?		kaif 's sole appearance of 2015 was with saif ali khan in kabir khan 's post 26/11 counter - terrorism drama phantom .		what did she perform ?		in 2016 , kaif appeared in two films .		what films ?		abhishek kapoor 's fitoor , an adaptation of charles dickens ' great expectations ,		what kind of reviews did she recieve		both films were critical and commercial failures .		any other performances ?		besides two films in 2016 , did katrina kaif have any other performances ?
katrina kaif		career fluctuations ( 2015-present )		what is the main aspect of katrina career ?		kaif 's sole appearance of 2015 was with saif ali khan in kabir khan 's post 26/11 counter - terrorism drama phantom .		what did she perform ?		in 2016 , kaif appeared in two films .		what films ?		abhishek kapoor 's fitoor , an adaptation of charles dickens ' great expectations ,		what kind of reviews did she recieve		both films were critical and commercial failures .		any other performances ?		she featured in nitya mehra 's love story baar baar dekho with sidharth malhotra .		when did she feature in the love story		when was katrina kaif featured in in nitya mehra 's love story baar baar dekho ?
katrina kaif		career fluctuations ( 2015-present )		what is the main aspect of katrina career ?		kaif 's sole appearance of 2015 was with saif ali khan in kabir khan 's post 26/11 counter - terrorism drama phantom .		what did she perform ?		in 2016 , kaif appeared in two films .		what films ?		abhishek kapoor 's fitoor , an adaptation of charles dickens ' great expectations ,		what kind of reviews did she recieve		both films were critical and commercial failures .		any other performances ?		she featured in nitya mehra 's love story baar baar dekho with sidharth malhotra .		when did she feature in the love story		2016 ,		how did critics rate this performance ?		how did critics rate katrina kaif 's performance in baar baar dekho ?
katrina kaif		career fluctuations ( 2015-present )		what is the main aspect of katrina career ?		kaif 's sole appearance of 2015 was with saif ali khan in kabir khan 's post 26/11 counter - terrorism drama phantom .		what did she perform ?		in 2016 , kaif appeared in two films .		what films ?		abhishek kapoor 's fitoor , an adaptation of charles dickens ' great expectations ,		what kind of reviews did she recieve		both films were critical and commercial failures .		any other performances ?		she featured in nitya mehra 's love story baar baar dekho with sidharth malhotra .		when did she feature in the love story		2016 ,		how did critics rate this performance ?		so she dances , smiles and flirts well , but the minute a dramatic scene comes up , her utter inadequacy as a performer shows .		what was her latest performance ?		what was katrina kaif 's latest performance ?
katrina kaif		personal life		were did kaif attend school ?		were did kaif attend school ?
katrina kaif		personal life		were did kaif attend school ?		i do n't know .		what was a highlight of her personal life ?		what was a highlight of kaif 's personal life ?
katrina kaif		personal life		were did kaif attend school ?		i do n't know .		what was a highlight of her personal life ?		2010 breakup that kaif spoke of the affair ,		who did she break up with ?		who did kaif break up with ?
katrina kaif		personal life		were did kaif attend school ?		i do n't know .		what was a highlight of her personal life ?		2010 breakup that kaif spoke of the affair ,		who did she break up with ?		salman khan		was she married to salman khan ?		was kaif married to salman khan ?
katrina kaif		personal life		were did kaif attend school ?		i do n't know .		what was a highlight of her personal life ?		2010 breakup that kaif spoke of the affair ,		who did she break up with ?		salman khan		was she married to salman khan ?		first serious relationship .		did kaif ever get into another relationship ?		did kaif ever get into another relationship ?
katrina kaif		personal life		were did kaif attend school ?		i do n't know .		what was a highlight of her personal life ?		2010 breakup that kaif spoke of the affair ,		who did she break up with ?		salman khan		was she married to salman khan ?		first serious relationship .		did kaif ever get into another relationship ?		the reported reason for their breakup was kaif 's increasing closeness to ranbir kapoor		did kaif have other personal setbacks ?		beside kaif 's breakup with salman kan did kaif have other personal setbacks ?
katrina kaif		personal life		were did kaif attend school ?		i do n't know .		what was a highlight of her personal life ?		2010 breakup that kaif spoke of the affair ,		who did she break up with ?		salman khan		was she married to salman khan ?		first serious relationship .		did kaif ever get into another relationship ?		the reported reason for their breakup was kaif 's increasing closeness to ranbir kapoor		did kaif have other personal setbacks ?		kaif has a close relationship with her family , and the lack of a father figure in her life has given her a sense of responsibility towards them .		where is her father ?		where is kaif 's father ?
katrina kaif		personal life		were did kaif attend school ?		i do n't know .		what was a highlight of her personal life ?		2010 breakup that kaif spoke of the affair ,		who did she break up with ?		salman khan		was she married to salman khan ?		first serious relationship .		did kaif ever get into another relationship ?		the reported reason for their breakup was kaif 's increasing closeness to ranbir kapoor		did kaif have other personal setbacks ?		kaif has a close relationship with her family , and the lack of a father figure in her life has given her a sense of responsibility towards them .		where is her father ?		i do n't know .		how is kaif close to her mother ?		how is kaif close to kaif 's mother ?
the living end		breakout single to debut album ( 1997 - 1999 )		what was their first single ?		what was the living end 's first single ?
the living end		breakout single to debut album ( 1997 - 1999 )		what was their first single ?		" second solution " / " prisoner of society " ,		was the song liked ?		was second solution / prisoner of society liked ?
the living end		breakout single to debut album ( 1997 - 1999 )		what was their first single ?		" second solution " / " prisoner of society " ,		was the song liked ?		peaked at no . 4 on the aria singles chart ,		did it win any awards ?		did second solution / prisoner of society win any awards ?
the living end		breakout single to debut album ( 1997 - 1999 )		what was their first single ?		" second solution " / " prisoner of society " ,		was the song liked ?		peaked at no . 4 on the aria singles chart ,		did it win any awards ?		at the aria music awards of 1998 it won the highest selling single category ;		did they have any more albums ?		did the living end have any more albums ?
the living end		breakout single to debut album ( 1997 - 1999 )		what was their first single ?		" second solution " / " prisoner of society " ,		was the song liked ?		peaked at no . 4 on the aria singles chart ,		did it win any awards ?		at the aria music awards of 1998 it won the highest selling single category ;		did they have any more albums ?		the band signed with modular recordings for the release of their debut self - titled album ,		what was the album called ?		what was the living end 's album called ?
the living end		breakout single to debut album ( 1997 - 1999 )		what was their first single ?		" second solution " / " prisoner of society " ,		was the song liked ?		peaked at no . 4 on the aria singles chart ,		did it win any awards ?		at the aria music awards of 1998 it won the highest selling single category ;		did they have any more albums ?		the band signed with modular recordings for the release of their debut self - titled album ,		what was the album called ?		self - titled album ,		did the album do well ?		did the living end self - titled album do well ?
the living end		breakout single to debut album ( 1997 - 1999 )		what was their first single ?		" second solution " / " prisoner of society " ,		was the song liked ?		peaked at no . 4 on the aria singles chart ,		did it win any awards ?		at the aria music awards of 1998 it won the highest selling single category ;		did they have any more albums ?		the band signed with modular recordings for the release of their debut self - titled album ,		what was the album called ?		self - titled album ,		did the album do well ?		became the then - second highest - selling debut rock album in australian music history		did it win any awards ?		did the living end self - titled album win any awards ?
the living end		breakout single to debut album ( 1997 - 1999 )		what was their first single ?		" second solution " / " prisoner of society " ,		was the song liked ?		peaked at no . 4 on the aria singles chart ,		did it win any awards ?		at the aria music awards of 1998 it won the highest selling single category ;		did they have any more albums ?		the band signed with modular recordings for the release of their debut self - titled album ,		what was the album called ?		self - titled album ,		did the album do well ?		became the then - second highest - selling debut rock album in australian music history		did it win any awards ?		the living end won two more awards :		what awards did they win ?		what awards did the living end band win ?
the living end		breakout single to debut album ( 1997 - 1999 )		what was their first single ?		" second solution " / " prisoner of society " ,		was the song liked ?		peaked at no . 4 on the aria singles chart ,		did it win any awards ?		at the aria music awards of 1998 it won the highest selling single category ;		did they have any more albums ?		the band signed with modular recordings for the release of their debut self - titled album ,		what was the album called ?		self - titled album ,		did the album do well ?		became the then - second highest - selling debut rock album in australian music history		did it win any awards ?		the living end won two more awards :		what awards did they win ?		best group and breakthrough artist - album .		did they go on tour at all ?		did the living end go on tour at all ?
the living end		breakout single to debut album ( 1997 - 1999 )		what was their first single ?		" second solution " / " prisoner of society " ,		was the song liked ?		peaked at no . 4 on the aria singles chart ,		did it win any awards ?		at the aria music awards of 1998 it won the highest selling single category ;		did they have any more albums ?		the band signed with modular recordings for the release of their debut self - titled album ,		what was the album called ?		self - titled album ,		did the album do well ?		became the then - second highest - selling debut rock album in australian music history		did it win any awards ?		the living end won two more awards :		what awards did they win ?		best group and breakthrough artist - album .		did they go on tour at all ?		i do n't know .		did you learn anything else interesting in the article ?		aside from the living end 's breakthrough single to debut album , did you learn anything else interesting in the article ?
the living end		breakout single to debut album ( 1997 - 1999 )		what was their first single ?		" second solution " / " prisoner of society " ,		was the song liked ?		peaked at no . 4 on the aria singles chart ,		did it win any awards ?		at the aria music awards of 1998 it won the highest selling single category ;		did they have any more albums ?		the band signed with modular recordings for the release of their debut self - titled album ,		what was the album called ?		self - titled album ,		did the album do well ?		became the then - second highest - selling debut rock album in australian music history		did it win any awards ?		the living end won two more awards :		what awards did they win ?		best group and breakthrough artist - album .		did they go on tour at all ?		i do n't know .		did you learn anything else interesting in the article ?		in october 1998 it peaked at no . 28 on the new zealand singles chart .		what peaked at no . 28 ?		what peaked at no . 28 on the new zealand singles chart ?
don henley		tenure with the eagles		what did he do with the eagles ?		what did don henley do with the eagles ?
don henley		tenure with the eagles		what did he do with the eagles ?		the eagles were formed in september 1971 , and signed to david geffen 's label asylum records .		what albums did they produce ?		what albums did the eagles produce ?
don henley		tenure with the eagles		what did he do with the eagles ?		the eagles were formed in september 1971 , and signed to david geffen 's label asylum records .		what albums did they produce ?		they released their first studio album in 1972 , which contained the hit song " take it easy " , written by frey and jackson browne .		did the song chart ?		did the song , " take it easy " chart ?
don henley		tenure with the eagles		what did he do with the eagles ?		the eagles were formed in september 1971 , and signed to david geffen 's label asylum records .		what albums did they produce ?		they released their first studio album in 1972 , which contained the hit song " take it easy " , written by frey and jackson browne .		did the song chart ?		i do n't know .		did they work with anyone else ?		did the eagles work with anyone else , besides don henley ?
future islands		2007 - 2008 : wave like home		what is wave like home ?		what is wave like home by future islands ?
future islands		2007 - 2008 : wave like home		what is wave like home ?		debut album		what is a single ?		what is a single by future islands ?
future islands		2007 - 2008 : wave like home		what is wave like home ?		debut album		what is a single ?		upset the rhythm .		who was the producer ?		who was the producer of future islands ?
future islands		2007 - 2008 : wave like home		what is wave like home ?		debut album		what is a single ?		upset the rhythm .		who was the producer ?		chester endersby gwazda ,		did they ever tour ?		did future islands ever tour ?
future islands		2007 - 2008 : wave like home		what is wave like home ?		debut album		what is a single ?		upset the rhythm .		who was the producer ?		chester endersby gwazda ,		did they ever tour ?		during their first u.s. tour .		did anyone ever leave the band ?		did anyone ever leave the band of future islands ?
future islands		2007 - 2008 : wave like home		what is wave like home ?		debut album		what is a single ?		upset the rhythm .		who was the producer ?		chester endersby gwazda ,		did they ever tour ?		during their first u.s. tour .		did anyone ever leave the band ?		herring and welmers were freshmen , left the band to prepare for her graduation project		who were some of the other band mates ?		in addition to chester endersby gwaza , who were some of the other future islands band mates ?
cecil rhodes		rhodesia		what were his first experiences in rhodesia ?		what were cecil rhodes ' first experiences in rhodesia ?
cecil rhodes		rhodesia		what were his first experiences in rhodesia ?		the bsac had its own police force , the british south africa police , which was used to control matabeleland and mashonaland , in present - day zimbabwe .		how did he found rhodesia ?		how did cecil rhodes found rhodesia ?
cecil rhodes		rhodesia		what were his first experiences in rhodesia ?		the bsac had its own police force , the british south africa police , which was used to control matabeleland and mashonaland , in present - day zimbabwe .		how did he found rhodesia ?		because the gold deposits were on a much smaller scale , many of the white settlers who accompanied the bsac to mashonaland became farmers rather than miners .		did rhodes ' company mine ?		did cecil rhodes ' company mine ?
cecil rhodes		rhodesia		what were his first experiences in rhodesia ?		the bsac had its own police force , the british south africa police , which was used to control matabeleland and mashonaland , in present - day zimbabwe .		how did he found rhodesia ?		because the gold deposits were on a much smaller scale , many of the white settlers who accompanied the bsac to mashonaland became farmers rather than miners .		did rhodes ' company mine ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article besides the founding of rhodesia and cecil rhode 's company ?
cecil rhodes		rhodesia		what were his first experiences in rhodesia ?		the bsac had its own police force , the british south africa police , which was used to control matabeleland and mashonaland , in present - day zimbabwe .		how did he found rhodesia ?		because the gold deposits were on a much smaller scale , many of the white settlers who accompanied the bsac to mashonaland became farmers rather than miners .		did rhodes ' company mine ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		rhodes walked unarmed into the ndebele stronghold in matobo hills . he persuaded the impi to lay down their arms , thus ending the second matabele war .		were there any other wars cecil was involved in ?		were there any other wars cecil rhodes was involved in besides the second matabele war ?
cecil rhodes		rhodesia		what were his first experiences in rhodesia ?		the bsac had its own police force , the british south africa police , which was used to control matabeleland and mashonaland , in present - day zimbabwe .		how did he found rhodesia ?		because the gold deposits were on a much smaller scale , many of the white settlers who accompanied the bsac to mashonaland became farmers rather than miners .		did rhodes ' company mine ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		rhodes walked unarmed into the ndebele stronghold in matobo hills . he persuaded the impi to lay down their arms , thus ending the second matabele war .		were there any other wars cecil was involved in ?		i do n't know .		what did he do after the end of the war ?		what did cecil rhodes do after the end of the war ?
cecil rhodes		rhodesia		what were his first experiences in rhodesia ?		the bsac had its own police force , the british south africa police , which was used to control matabeleland and mashonaland , in present - day zimbabwe .		how did he found rhodesia ?		because the gold deposits were on a much smaller scale , many of the white settlers who accompanied the bsac to mashonaland became farmers rather than miners .		did rhodes ' company mine ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		rhodes walked unarmed into the ndebele stronghold in matobo hills . he persuaded the impi to lay down their arms , thus ending the second matabele war .		were there any other wars cecil was involved in ?		i do n't know .		what did he do after the end of the war ?		its name was officially changed to " rhodesia " , reflecting rhodes ' popularity among settlers who had been using the name informally since 1891 .		what else did rhodes accomplish there ?		what else did cecil rhodes accomplish in rhodesia besides ending second matabele war ?
cecil rhodes		rhodesia		what were his first experiences in rhodesia ?		the bsac had its own police force , the british south africa police , which was used to control matabeleland and mashonaland , in present - day zimbabwe .		how did he found rhodesia ?		because the gold deposits were on a much smaller scale , many of the white settlers who accompanied the bsac to mashonaland became farmers rather than miners .		did rhodes ' company mine ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		rhodes walked unarmed into the ndebele stronghold in matobo hills . he persuaded the impi to lay down their arms , thus ending the second matabele war .		were there any other wars cecil was involved in ?		i do n't know .		what did he do after the end of the war ?		its name was officially changed to " rhodesia " , reflecting rhodes ' popularity among settlers who had been using the name informally since 1891 .		what else did rhodes accomplish there ?		rhodes decreed in his will that he was to be buried in matobo hills . after his death in the cape in 1902 , his body was transported by train to bulawayo .		was he buried in the matobo hills ?		was cecil rhodes buried in the matobo hills ?
cecil rhodes		rhodesia		what were his first experiences in rhodesia ?		the bsac had its own police force , the british south africa police , which was used to control matabeleland and mashonaland , in present - day zimbabwe .		how did he found rhodesia ?		because the gold deposits were on a much smaller scale , many of the white settlers who accompanied the bsac to mashonaland became farmers rather than miners .		did rhodes ' company mine ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		rhodes walked unarmed into the ndebele stronghold in matobo hills . he persuaded the impi to lay down their arms , thus ending the second matabele war .		were there any other wars cecil was involved in ?		i do n't know .		what did he do after the end of the war ?		its name was officially changed to " rhodesia " , reflecting rhodes ' popularity among settlers who had been using the name informally since 1891 .		what else did rhodes accomplish there ?		rhodes decreed in his will that he was to be buried in matobo hills . after his death in the cape in 1902 , his body was transported by train to bulawayo .		was he buried in the matobo hills ?		then , for the first time , they gave a white man the matabele royal salute , bayete .		what were his business dealings in rhodesia ?		what were cecil rhodes ' business dealings in rhodesia ?
phonograph record		laser turntable		what is a laser turntable ?		what is a laser turntable ?
phonograph record		laser turntable		what is a laser turntable ?		uses a laser to read vinyl discs optically , without physical contact .		when was this created ?		when was the laser turntable created ?
phonograph record		laser turntable		what is a laser turntable ?		uses a laser to read vinyl discs optically , without physical contact .		when was this created ?		various other laser - based turntables were tried during the 1990s ,		did this become popular ?		did the laser turntable become popular ?
phonograph record		laser turntable		what is a laser turntable ?		uses a laser to read vinyl discs optically , without physical contact .		when was this created ?		various other laser - based turntables were tried during the 1990s ,		did this become popular ?		i do n't know .		what did you find interesting in this section ?		in addition to the laser turntables , what did you find interesting in the article ?
phonograph record		laser turntable		what is a laser turntable ?		uses a laser to read vinyl discs optically , without physical contact .		when was this created ?		various other laser - based turntables were tried during the 1990s ,		did this become popular ?		i do n't know .		what did you find interesting in this section ?		an offshoot of irene , the confocal microscope cylinder project , can capture a high - resolution three - dimensional image of the surface , down to 200 um .		was that used a lot ?		was the laser turntable used a lot ?
wangari maathai		2005 - 2011 : later life		what happened in 2005 for maathai ?		what happened in 2005 for maathai ?
wangari maathai		2005 - 2011 : later life		what happened in 2005 for maathai ?		on 28 march 2005 , maathai was elected the first president of the african union 's economic , social and cultural council		what did she accomplish as president ?		what did maathai accomplish as president ?
wangari maathai		2005 - 2011 : later life		what happened in 2005 for maathai ?		on 28 march 2005 , maathai was elected the first president of the african union 's economic , social and cultural council		what did she accomplish as president ?		appointed a goodwill ambassador for an initiative aimed at protecting the congo basin forest ecosystem .		was this initiative successful ?		was appointing a goodwill ambassador aimed at protecting the congo basin forest ecosystem successful ?
wangari maathai		2005 - 2011 : later life		what happened in 2005 for maathai ?		on 28 march 2005 , maathai was elected the first president of the african union 's economic , social and cultural council		what did she accomplish as president ?		appointed a goodwill ambassador for an initiative aimed at protecting the congo basin forest ecosystem .		was this initiative successful ?		i do n't know .		what did she do after her time on as president ?		what did maathai do after her time on as president ?
wangari maathai		2005 - 2011 : later life		what happened in 2005 for maathai ?		on 28 march 2005 , maathai was elected the first president of the african union 's economic , social and cultural council		what did she accomplish as president ?		appointed a goodwill ambassador for an initiative aimed at protecting the congo basin forest ecosystem .		was this initiative successful ?		i do n't know .		what did she do after her time on as president ?		in june 2009 , maathai was named as one of peacebypeace.com 's first peace heroes .		what earned her that title ?		what earned maathai peacebypeace.com 's first peace heroes ?
wangari maathai		2005 - 2011 : later life		what happened in 2005 for maathai ?		on 28 march 2005 , maathai was elected the first president of the african union 's economic , social and cultural council		what did she accomplish as president ?		appointed a goodwill ambassador for an initiative aimed at protecting the congo basin forest ecosystem .		was this initiative successful ?		i do n't know .		what did she do after her time on as president ?		in june 2009 , maathai was named as one of peacebypeace.com 's first peace heroes .		what earned her that title ?		i do n't know .		how did 2011 wrap up for maathai ?		how did 2011 wrap up for maathai ?
wangari maathai		2005 - 2011 : later life		what happened in 2005 for maathai ?		on 28 march 2005 , maathai was elected the first president of the african union 's economic , social and cultural council		what did she accomplish as president ?		appointed a goodwill ambassador for an initiative aimed at protecting the congo basin forest ecosystem .		was this initiative successful ?		i do n't know .		what did she do after her time on as president ?		in june 2009 , maathai was named as one of peacebypeace.com 's first peace heroes .		what earned her that title ?		i do n't know .		how did 2011 wrap up for maathai ?		maathai died on 25 september 2011		how did she die ?		how did maathai die ?
wangari maathai		2005 - 2011 : later life		what happened in 2005 for maathai ?		on 28 march 2005 , maathai was elected the first president of the african union 's economic , social and cultural council		what did she accomplish as president ?		appointed a goodwill ambassador for an initiative aimed at protecting the congo basin forest ecosystem .		was this initiative successful ?		i do n't know .		what did she do after her time on as president ?		in june 2009 , maathai was named as one of peacebypeace.com 's first peace heroes .		what earned her that title ?		i do n't know .		how did 2011 wrap up for maathai ?		maathai died on 25 september 2011		how did she die ?		complications arising from ovarian cancer while receiving treatment at a nairobi hospital .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		along with maathai been named as one of peacebypeace.com 's first peace heroes are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
hiawatha		hiawatha belt		what is the hiawatha belt ?		what is the hiawatha belt ?
hiawatha		hiawatha belt		what is the hiawatha belt ?		the hiawatha belt is made of 6,574 wampum beads - 38 rows by 173 columns and has 892 white and 5,682 purple beads .		what does it represent ?		what does the hiawatha belt represent ?
hiawatha		hiawatha belt		what is the hiawatha belt ?		the hiawatha belt is made of 6,574 wampum beads - 38 rows by 173 columns and has 892 white and 5,682 purple beads .		what does it represent ?		the purple represents the sky or universe that surrounds us , while the white represents purity and good mind ( good thoughts , forgiveness and understanding ) .		how are these made ?		how is the wampum beads in the hiawatha belt made ?
hiawatha		hiawatha belt		what is the hiawatha belt ?		the hiawatha belt is made of 6,574 wampum beads - 38 rows by 173 columns and has 892 white and 5,682 purple beads .		what does it represent ?		the purple represents the sky or universe that surrounds us , while the white represents purity and good mind ( good thoughts , forgiveness and understanding ) .		how are these made ?		near its center , it contains a bead made of colonial lead glass .		are they made by hand ?		are the wampum beads in the hiawatha belt by hand ?
sheryl crow		1994 - 1998 : international success		what was crow 's first international hit ?		what was sheryl crow 's first international hit ?
sheryl crow		1994 - 1998 : international success		what was crow 's first international hit ?		credits with crow on her debut album , tuesday night music club .		why did crow reach international success from 1994 - 1998 ?		why did sheryl crow reach international success from 1994 - 1998 ?
sheryl crow		1994 - 1998 : international success		what was crow 's first international hit ?		credits with crow on her debut album , tuesday night music club .		why did crow reach international success from 1994 - 1998 ?		she then began dating kevin gilbert and joined him in an ad hoc group of musicians known to themselves as the " tuesday music club .		what other songs did crow release during those years ?		what other songs did sheryl crow release during 1994 - 1998 ?
sheryl crow		1994 - 1998 : international success		what was crow 's first international hit ?		credits with crow on her debut album , tuesday night music club .		why did crow reach international success from 1994 - 1998 ?		she then began dating kevin gilbert and joined him in an ad hoc group of musicians known to themselves as the " tuesday music club .		what other songs did crow release during those years ?		the debut single , " if it makes you happy " , became a radio success		how high did the song go ?		how high did sheryl crow 's song " if it makes you happy " go ?
sheryl crow		1994 - 1998 : international success		what was crow 's first international hit ?		credits with crow on her debut album , tuesday night music club .		why did crow reach international success from 1994 - 1998 ?		she then began dating kevin gilbert and joined him in an ad hoc group of musicians known to themselves as the " tuesday music club .		what other songs did crow release during those years ?		the debut single , " if it makes you happy " , became a radio success		how high did the song go ?		netted her two grammy awards for best female rock vocal performance and best rock album .		is there anything else of note during those years ?		other than sheryl crow 's first international hit , is there anything else about sheryl crow during 1994 - 1998 ?
sheryl crow		1994 - 1998 : international success		what was crow 's first international hit ?		credits with crow on her debut album , tuesday night music club .		why did crow reach international success from 1994 - 1998 ?		she then began dating kevin gilbert and joined him in an ad hoc group of musicians known to themselves as the " tuesday music club .		what other songs did crow release during those years ?		the debut single , " if it makes you happy " , became a radio success		how high did the song go ?		netted her two grammy awards for best female rock vocal performance and best rock album .		is there anything else of note during those years ?		in 1997 , crow contributed the theme song to the james bond film tomorrow never dies .		was sheryl crow married ?		was sheryl crow married ?
sheryl crow		1994 - 1998 : international success		what was crow 's first international hit ?		credits with crow on her debut album , tuesday night music club .		why did crow reach international success from 1994 - 1998 ?		she then began dating kevin gilbert and joined him in an ad hoc group of musicians known to themselves as the " tuesday music club .		what other songs did crow release during those years ?		the debut single , " if it makes you happy " , became a radio success		how high did the song go ?		netted her two grammy awards for best female rock vocal performance and best rock album .		is there anything else of note during those years ?		in 1997 , crow contributed the theme song to the james bond film tomorrow never dies .		was sheryl crow married ?		she then began dating kevin gilbert and joined him in an ad hoc group of musicians known to themselves as the " tuesday music club .		has sheryl crow been a producer ?		has sheryl crow been a producer ?
sheryl crow		1994 - 1998 : international success		what was crow 's first international hit ?		credits with crow on her debut album , tuesday night music club .		why did crow reach international success from 1994 - 1998 ?		she then began dating kevin gilbert and joined him in an ad hoc group of musicians known to themselves as the " tuesday music club .		what other songs did crow release during those years ?		the debut single , " if it makes you happy " , became a radio success		how high did the song go ?		netted her two grammy awards for best female rock vocal performance and best rock album .		is there anything else of note during those years ?		in 1997 , crow contributed the theme song to the james bond film tomorrow never dies .		was sheryl crow married ?		she then began dating kevin gilbert and joined him in an ad hoc group of musicians known to themselves as the " tuesday music club .		has sheryl crow been a producer ?		i do n't know .		did sheryl crows success peak in 1998 ?		did sheryl crows success peak in 1998 ?
skyhooks ( band )		later years to break - up		what performances they did in later years ?		what performances did skyhooks do in later years ?
skyhooks ( band )		later years to break - up		what performances they did in later years ?		their first gig was on 16 april 1973 at st jude 's church hall in carlton .		after first gig what they did ?		after first gig what did skyhooks do ?
skyhooks ( band )		later years to break - up		what performances they did in later years ?		their first gig was on 16 april 1973 at st jude 's church hall in carlton .		after first gig what they did ?		by late 1973 , wilson had convinced michael gudinski to sign the band to his booking agency , australian entertainment exchange , and eventually to gudinski 's label , mushroom records .		when did they break up ?		when did skyhooks break up ?
skyhooks ( band )		later years to break - up		what performances they did in later years ?		their first gig was on 16 april 1973 at st jude 's church hall in carlton .		after first gig what they did ?		by late 1973 , wilson had convinced michael gudinski to sign the band to his booking agency , australian entertainment exchange , and eventually to gudinski 's label , mushroom records .		when did they break up ?		they played their last performance on 8 june , not in their hometown of melbourne , but in the mining town of kalgoorlie in western australia .		before break up what happened to them ?		before break up what happened to skyhooks ?
skyhooks ( band )		later years to break - up		what performances they did in later years ?		their first gig was on 16 april 1973 at st jude 's church hall in carlton .		after first gig what they did ?		by late 1973 , wilson had convinced michael gudinski to sign the band to his booking agency , australian entertainment exchange , and eventually to gudinski 's label , mushroom records .		when did they break up ?		they played their last performance on 8 june , not in their hometown of melbourne , but in the mining town of kalgoorlie in western australia .		before break up what happened to them ?		skyhooks rapidly faded from the public eye with the departure of key members , and in 1980 the band announced its break - up in controversial circumstances .		what performances they had in later years ?		what performances did skyhooks have in later years ?
skyhooks ( band )		later years to break - up		what performances they did in later years ?		their first gig was on 16 april 1973 at st jude 's church hall in carlton .		after first gig what they did ?		by late 1973 , wilson had convinced michael gudinski to sign the band to his booking agency , australian entertainment exchange , and eventually to gudinski 's label , mushroom records .		when did they break up ?		they played their last performance on 8 june , not in their hometown of melbourne , but in the mining town of kalgoorlie in western australia .		before break up what happened to them ?		skyhooks rapidly faded from the public eye with the departure of key members , and in 1980 the band announced its break - up in controversial circumstances .		what performances they had in later years ?		in january 1978 they toured new zealand and performed at the nambassa festival . in february their next single , " women in uniform " , was issued and peaked at # 8 ,		did they tour other countries ?		aside from new zealand , did skyhooks tour other countries ?
skyhooks ( band )		later years to break - up		what performances they did in later years ?		their first gig was on 16 april 1973 at st jude 's church hall in carlton .		after first gig what they did ?		by late 1973 , wilson had convinced michael gudinski to sign the band to his booking agency , australian entertainment exchange , and eventually to gudinski 's label , mushroom records .		when did they break up ?		they played their last performance on 8 june , not in their hometown of melbourne , but in the mining town of kalgoorlie in western australia .		before break up what happened to them ?		skyhooks rapidly faded from the public eye with the departure of key members , and in 1980 the band announced its break - up in controversial circumstances .		what performances they had in later years ?		in january 1978 they toured new zealand and performed at the nambassa festival . in february their next single , " women in uniform " , was issued and peaked at # 8 ,		did they tour other countries ?		after completing their 1976 us tour , the band remained in san francisco and recorded their third album with wilson producing ,		after us tour what country they visited ?		after us tour what country did skyhooks visit ?
guru arjan		succession		who succeeded guru arjan ?		who succeeded guru arjan ?
guru arjan		succession		who succeeded guru arjan ?		his choice of arjan as successor , as throughout most of the history of sikh guru successions , led to disputes and internal divisions among the sikhs .		so who won the dispute and became the sixth guru ?		so who won the dispute between guru arjan and the sikhs and became the sixth guru ?
guru arjan		succession		who succeeded guru arjan ?		his choice of arjan as successor , as throughout most of the history of sikh guru successions , led to disputes and internal divisions among the sikhs .		so who won the dispute and became the sixth guru ?		his choice of arjan as successor , as throughout most of the history of sikh guru successions ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article other than the succession of guru arjan ?
guru arjan		succession		who succeeded guru arjan ?		his choice of arjan as successor , as throughout most of the history of sikh guru successions , led to disputes and internal divisions among the sikhs .		so who won the dispute and became the sixth guru ?		his choice of arjan as successor , as throughout most of the history of sikh guru successions ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the mainstream sikh tradition recognised guru arjan as the fifth guru , and hargobind as the sixth guru .		why was there a dispute about succession ?		why was there a dispute about the succession of guru arjan ?
guru arjan		adi granth		who is guru arjan ?		who is guru arjan ?
guru arjan		adi granth		who is guru arjan ?		guru arjan was a prolific poet and composed 2,218 hymns ,		what is interesting about this article ?		what is interesting about this article ?
guru arjan		adi granth		who is guru arjan ?		guru arjan was a prolific poet and composed 2,218 hymns ,		what is interesting about this article ?		guru arjan was a prolific poet and composed 2,218 hymns ,		did he have any other major accomplishments ?		besides composing 2,218 hymns , did guru arjan have any other major accomplishments ?
guru arjan		adi granth		who is guru arjan ?		guru arjan was a prolific poet and composed 2,218 hymns ,		what is interesting about this article ?		guru arjan was a prolific poet and composed 2,218 hymns ,		did he have any other major accomplishments ?		guru arjan 's compositions combined spiritual message in an " encyclopedic linguistic sophistication " with " braj bhasha forms and learned sanskrit vocabulary		what years was he active ?		what years was guru arjan active ?
peter hitchens		international relations and national sovereignty		can you tell me anything interesting about this article ?		can you tell me anything interesting about this article ?
peter hitchens		international relations and national sovereignty		can you tell me anything interesting about this article ?		hitchens supports israel and denies the notion of occupied palestinian territory ,		why does hitchen support isreal and deny the notion of occupied palestinian territory ?		why does hitchen support isreal and deny the notion of occupied palestinian territory ?
peter hitchens		international relations and national sovereignty		can you tell me anything interesting about this article ?		hitchens supports israel and denies the notion of occupied palestinian territory ,		why does hitchen support isreal and deny the notion of occupied palestinian territory ?		viewing the british exit from mandatory palestine as having left a legal vacuum .		how does peter gain national sovereignty ?		how does peter gain national sovereignty ?
peter hitchens		international relations and national sovereignty		can you tell me anything interesting about this article ?		hitchens supports israel and denies the notion of occupied palestinian territory ,		why does hitchen support isreal and deny the notion of occupied palestinian territory ?		viewing the british exit from mandatory palestine as having left a legal vacuum .		how does peter gain national sovereignty ?		upholding the principle of westphalian sovereignty , which he described as that " you did n't interfere in foreign countries because you did n't like the way they were governed " .		anything else i should know about this article		besides hitchens 's support for israel and deny the notion of occupied palestinian territory anything else i should know about international relations and national sovereignty .
peter hitchens		international relations and national sovereignty		can you tell me anything interesting about this article ?		hitchens supports israel and denies the notion of occupied palestinian territory ,		why does hitchen support isreal and deny the notion of occupied palestinian territory ?		viewing the british exit from mandatory palestine as having left a legal vacuum .		how does peter gain national sovereignty ?		upholding the principle of westphalian sovereignty , which he described as that " you did n't interfere in foreign countries because you did n't like the way they were governed " .		anything else i should know about this article		hitchens has stated his " love " for the united states and his support for the us 's being the successor to britain		when did he become the successor to britain ?		when did hitchens become the successor to britain ?
peter hitchens		international relations and national sovereignty		can you tell me anything interesting about this article ?		hitchens supports israel and denies the notion of occupied palestinian territory ,		why does hitchen support isreal and deny the notion of occupied palestinian territory ?		viewing the british exit from mandatory palestine as having left a legal vacuum .		how does peter gain national sovereignty ?		upholding the principle of westphalian sovereignty , which he described as that " you did n't interfere in foreign countries because you did n't like the way they were governed " .		anything else i should know about this article		hitchens has stated his " love " for the united states and his support for the us 's being the successor to britain		when did he become the successor to britain ?		i do n't know .		how does internation relation relate to hitchens ?		how does internation relation relate to hitchens ?
peter hitchens		international relations and national sovereignty		can you tell me anything interesting about this article ?		hitchens supports israel and denies the notion of occupied palestinian territory ,		why does hitchen support isreal and deny the notion of occupied palestinian territory ?		viewing the british exit from mandatory palestine as having left a legal vacuum .		how does peter gain national sovereignty ?		upholding the principle of westphalian sovereignty , which he described as that " you did n't interfere in foreign countries because you did n't like the way they were governed " .		anything else i should know about this article		hitchens has stated his " love " for the united states and his support for the us 's being the successor to britain		when did he become the successor to britain ?		i do n't know .		how does internation relation relate to hitchens ?		hitchens opposed the kosovo and 2003 iraq war ,		why did hitchens oppose the kosovo war ?		why did hitchens oppose the kosovo war ?
art spiegelman		style		what is his style ?		what is art spiegelman 's writing style ?
art spiegelman		style		what is his style ?		his is a style of labored simplicity , with dense visual motifs which often go unnoticed upon first viewing .		how old was he when he began developing his unique style ?		how old was art spiegelman when he began developing his unique writing style ?
art spiegelman		style		what is his style ?		his is a style of labored simplicity , with dense visual motifs which often go unnoticed upon first viewing .		how old was he when he began developing his unique style ?		i do n't know .		has he received any critical acclaim for his artistic style ?		has art spiegelman received any critical acclaim for his artistic writing style ?
art spiegelman		style		what is his style ?		his is a style of labored simplicity , with dense visual motifs which often go unnoticed upon first viewing .		how old was he when he began developing his unique style ?		i do n't know .		has he received any critical acclaim for his artistic style ?		critic in the new republic compared spiegelman 's dialogue writing to a young philip roth		has his work won any awards ?		has art spiegelman 's dialogue writing won any awards ?
art spiegelman		style		what is his style ?		his is a style of labored simplicity , with dense visual motifs which often go unnoticed upon first viewing .		how old was he when he began developing his unique style ?		i do n't know .		has he received any critical acclaim for his artistic style ?		critic in the new republic compared spiegelman 's dialogue writing to a young philip roth		has his work won any awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about art spiegelman 's dialogue writing style , besides labored simplicity , with dense visual motifs ?
art spiegelman		style		what is his style ?		his is a style of labored simplicity , with dense visual motifs which often go unnoticed upon first viewing .		how old was he when he began developing his unique style ?		i do n't know .		has he received any critical acclaim for his artistic style ?		critic in the new republic compared spiegelman 's dialogue writing to a young philip roth		has his work won any awards ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		his comics experiment with time , space , recursion , and representation .		when was his first comic published ?		when was art spiegelman 's first comic published ?
georg brandes		later authorship		what were his later writings ?		what were georg brandes 's later writings ?
georg brandes		later authorship		what were his later writings ?		among his later writings must be mentioned the monographs on soren kierkegaard ( 1877 ) , esaias tegner ( 1878 ) , benjamin disraeli ( 1878 ) ,		what were some of his most important later writings ?		what were some of georg brandes 's most important later writings ?
georg brandes		later authorship		what were his later writings ?		among his later writings must be mentioned the monographs on soren kierkegaard ( 1877 ) , esaias tegner ( 1878 ) , benjamin disraeli ( 1878 ) ,		what were some of his most important later writings ?		the most important of his later works was his study of william shakespeare ( 1897 - 1898 ) , which was translated into english by william archer and was highly acclaimed .		what made that his most important work ?		what made georg brandes 's study of william shakespeare his most important work ?
georg brandes		later authorship		what were his later writings ?		among his later writings must be mentioned the monographs on soren kierkegaard ( 1877 ) , esaias tegner ( 1878 ) , benjamin disraeli ( 1878 ) ,		what were some of his most important later writings ?		the most important of his later works was his study of william shakespeare ( 1897 - 1898 ) , which was translated into english by william archer and was highly acclaimed .		what made that his most important work ?		was , perhaps , history 's most authoritative work on shakespeare not principally intended for an english - speaking audience .		what happened in 1900 ?		what happened in 1900 to georg brandes ?
sonny james		top of the charts		what was one of his hits ?		what was one of sonny james ' hits ?
sonny james		top of the charts		what was one of his hits ?		" young love " ,		when was it released ?		when was young love released ?
sonny james		top of the charts		what was one of his hits ?		" young love " ,		when was it released ?		in late 1956		how well did it do on the music charts ?		how well did young love do on the music charts ?
sonny james		top of the charts		what was one of his hits ?		" young love " ,		when was it released ?		in late 1956		how well did it do on the music charts ?		it topped both the us country and pop music charts in		how long did it top the pop music charts ?		how long did young love top the pop music charts ?
sonny james		top of the charts		what was one of his hits ?		" young love " ,		when was it released ?		in late 1956		how well did it do on the music charts ?		it topped both the us country and pop music charts in		how long did it top the pop music charts ?		january to february 1957 .		how many records did it sell ?		how many records did young love sell ?
sonny james		top of the charts		what was one of his hits ?		" young love " ,		when was it released ?		in late 1956		how well did it do on the music charts ?		it topped both the us country and pop music charts in		how long did it top the pop music charts ?		january to february 1957 .		how many records did it sell ?		it sold well over one million copies ,		how well did that song do internationally ?		how well did the song young love do internationally ?
steve vai		jem and universe guitars		what is jem		what is jem ?
steve vai		jem and universe guitars		what is jem		vai designed the ibanez jem guitar , a unique instrument that incorporated a series of groundbreaking designs		what was unique about it		what was unique about the ibanez jem guitar ?
steve vai		jem and universe guitars		what is jem		vai designed the ibanez jem guitar , a unique instrument that incorporated a series of groundbreaking designs		what was unique about it		the guitar was designed with a sharper body shape , a large cutaway around the neck , twenty - four frets , a fully floating tremolo system ,		what was different about its sound		what was different about the sound of the ibanez jem guitar ?
steve vai		jem and universe guitars		what is jem		vai designed the ibanez jem guitar , a unique instrument that incorporated a series of groundbreaking designs		what was unique about it		the guitar was designed with a sharper body shape , a large cutaway around the neck , twenty - four frets , a fully floating tremolo system ,		what was different about its sound		new low - range sonic possibilities .		what was his connection with universe guitars		what was vai 's connection with universe guitars ?
steve vai		jem and universe guitars		what is jem		vai designed the ibanez jem guitar , a unique instrument that incorporated a series of groundbreaking designs		what was unique about it		the guitar was designed with a sharper body shape , a large cutaway around the neck , twenty - four frets , a fully floating tremolo system ,		what was different about its sound		new low - range sonic possibilities .		what was his connection with universe guitars		another design by vai was the ibanez universe , the first production seven - string guitar , which was released in 1989 .		did he design any more guitars		did vai design any more guitars ?
steve vai		jem and universe guitars		what is jem		vai designed the ibanez jem guitar , a unique instrument that incorporated a series of groundbreaking designs		what was unique about it		the guitar was designed with a sharper body shape , a large cutaway around the neck , twenty - four frets , a fully floating tremolo system ,		what was different about its sound		new low - range sonic possibilities .		what was his connection with universe guitars		another design by vai was the ibanez universe , the first production seven - string guitar , which was released in 1989 .		did he design any more guitars		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides vai designing guitars with universe guitars are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
steve vai		jem and universe guitars		what is jem		vai designed the ibanez jem guitar , a unique instrument that incorporated a series of groundbreaking designs		what was unique about it		the guitar was designed with a sharper body shape , a large cutaway around the neck , twenty - four frets , a fully floating tremolo system ,		what was different about its sound		new low - range sonic possibilities .		what was his connection with universe guitars		another design by vai was the ibanez universe , the first production seven - string guitar , which was released in 1989 .		did he design any more guitars		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		since its original 1987 release , the jem has become one of the longest - running and most successful signature series guitars in history ,		how popular was it		how popular was the ibanez universe guitar ?
steve vai		jem and universe guitars		what is jem		vai designed the ibanez jem guitar , a unique instrument that incorporated a series of groundbreaking designs		what was unique about it		the guitar was designed with a sharper body shape , a large cutaway around the neck , twenty - four frets , a fully floating tremolo system ,		what was different about its sound		new low - range sonic possibilities .		what was his connection with universe guitars		another design by vai was the ibanez universe , the first production seven - string guitar , which was released in 1989 .		did he design any more guitars		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		since its original 1987 release , the jem has become one of the longest - running and most successful signature series guitars in history ,		how popular was it		the universe was a large stepping stone for the burgeoning nu - metal genre ( with bands such as korn		what was unique about his designs		what was unique about vai 's guitar designs ?
pinky and the brain		pinky		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides pinky and the brain , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
pinky and the brain		pinky		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		pinky ( voiced by rob paulsen ) is another genetically modified mouse who shares the same cage as brain		when was it created		when was pinky created ?
pinky and the brain		pinky		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		pinky ( voiced by rob paulsen ) is another genetically modified mouse who shares the same cage as brain		when was it created		i do n't know .		tell me something about pinky		tell me something about pinky
pinky and the brain		pinky		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		pinky ( voiced by rob paulsen ) is another genetically modified mouse who shares the same cage as brain		when was it created		i do n't know .		tell me something about pinky		pinky is an extremely unstable and hyperactive mouse .		what is brain		what is brain in pinky and the brain ?
pinky and the brain		pinky		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		pinky ( voiced by rob paulsen ) is another genetically modified mouse who shares the same cage as brain		when was it created		i do n't know .		tell me something about pinky		pinky is an extremely unstable and hyperactive mouse .		what is brain		brain is short , has a crooked tail and pink eyes , and speaks in a deeper , more eloquent manner ,		what do they have in common		what do pinky and brain have in common ?
pinky and the brain		pinky		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		pinky ( voiced by rob paulsen ) is another genetically modified mouse who shares the same cage as brain		when was it created		i do n't know .		tell me something about pinky		pinky is an extremely unstable and hyperactive mouse .		what is brain		brain is short , has a crooked tail and pink eyes , and speaks in a deeper , more eloquent manner ,		what do they have in common		shares the same cage		what do they like to do		what do pinky and brain like to do ?
pinky and the brain		pinky		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		pinky ( voiced by rob paulsen ) is another genetically modified mouse who shares the same cage as brain		when was it created		i do n't know .		tell me something about pinky		pinky is an extremely unstable and hyperactive mouse .		what is brain		brain is short , has a crooked tail and pink eyes , and speaks in a deeper , more eloquent manner ,		what do they have in common		shares the same cage		what do they like to do		he steadfastly helps brain toward world domination , even though brain usually berates , belittles , and abuses him .		how do he abuse him		how do brain abuse pinky ?
pinky and the brain		pinky		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		pinky ( voiced by rob paulsen ) is another genetically modified mouse who shares the same cage as brain		when was it created		i do n't know .		tell me something about pinky		pinky is an extremely unstable and hyperactive mouse .		what is brain		brain is short , has a crooked tail and pink eyes , and speaks in a deeper , more eloquent manner ,		what do they have in common		shares the same cage		what do they like to do		he steadfastly helps brain toward world domination , even though brain usually berates , belittles , and abuses him .		how do he abuse him		he is also arguably brain 's moral compass and only real friend .		what else is great in this topic		in addition to the relationship between pinky and brain , what else is great in pinky and the brain
pinky and the brain		pinky		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		pinky ( voiced by rob paulsen ) is another genetically modified mouse who shares the same cage as brain		when was it created		i do n't know .		tell me something about pinky		pinky is an extremely unstable and hyperactive mouse .		what is brain		brain is short , has a crooked tail and pink eyes , and speaks in a deeper , more eloquent manner ,		what do they have in common		shares the same cage		what do they like to do		he steadfastly helps brain toward world domination , even though brain usually berates , belittles , and abuses him .		how do he abuse him		he is also arguably brain 's moral compass and only real friend .		what else is great in this topic		in " welcome to the jungle " , pinky was able to survive using his instincts and become a leader		what year that came out		what year did welcome to the jungle come out
pinky and the brain		pinky		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		pinky ( voiced by rob paulsen ) is another genetically modified mouse who shares the same cage as brain		when was it created		i do n't know .		tell me something about pinky		pinky is an extremely unstable and hyperactive mouse .		what is brain		brain is short , has a crooked tail and pink eyes , and speaks in a deeper , more eloquent manner ,		what do they have in common		shares the same cage		what do they like to do		he steadfastly helps brain toward world domination , even though brain usually berates , belittles , and abuses him .		how do he abuse him		he is also arguably brain 's moral compass and only real friend .		what else is great in this topic		in " welcome to the jungle " , pinky was able to survive using his instincts and become a leader		what year that came out		i do n't know .		when did pinky and the brain start		when did pinky and the brain start ?
pinky and the brain		premise		what is pinky an the brain about ?		what is pinky and the brain about ?
pinky and the brain		premise		what is pinky an the brain about ?		of every episode involves one of brain 's plans for world domination with pinky 's assistance and the ultimate failure of that plan ,		where does the show take place ?		where does pinky and the brain take place ?
pinky and the brain		premise		what is pinky an the brain about ?		of every episode involves one of brain 's plans for world domination with pinky 's assistance and the ultimate failure of that plan ,		where does the show take place ?		in historical times ,		who is the show about ?		who is pinky and the brain about ?
pinky and the brain		premise		what is pinky an the brain about ?		of every episode involves one of brain 's plans for world domination with pinky 's assistance and the ultimate failure of that plan ,		where does the show take place ?		in historical times ,		who is the show about ?		one of brain 's plans for world domination with		how does he try to take over the world ?		how does brain try to take over the world ?
pinky and the brain		premise		what is pinky an the brain about ?		of every episode involves one of brain 's plans for world domination with pinky 's assistance and the ultimate failure of that plan ,		where does the show take place ?		in historical times ,		who is the show about ?		one of brain 's plans for world domination with		how does he try to take over the world ?		world : in the end , a group of people vote that he should take over the world on the one day he does not want to .		where do they live ?		where do pinky and the brain live ?
pinky and the brain		premise		what is pinky an the brain about ?		of every episode involves one of brain 's plans for world domination with pinky 's assistance and the ultimate failure of that plan ,		where does the show take place ?		in historical times ,		who is the show about ?		one of brain 's plans for world domination with		how does he try to take over the world ?		world : in the end , a group of people vote that he should take over the world on the one day he does not want to .		where do they live ?		some large american city underneath a suspension bridge . several		who created the show ?		who created the pinky and the brain ?
pinky and the brain		premise		what is pinky an the brain about ?		of every episode involves one of brain 's plans for world domination with pinky 's assistance and the ultimate failure of that plan ,		where does the show take place ?		in historical times ,		who is the show about ?		one of brain 's plans for world domination with		how does he try to take over the world ?		world : in the end , a group of people vote that he should take over the world on the one day he does not want to .		where do they live ?		some large american city underneath a suspension bridge . several		who created the show ?		i do n't know .		anything else interesting ?		along with trying to take over the world , is there anything else interesting about pinky and the brain ?
pinky and the brain		premise		what is pinky an the brain about ?		of every episode involves one of brain 's plans for world domination with pinky 's assistance and the ultimate failure of that plan ,		where does the show take place ?		in historical times ,		who is the show about ?		one of brain 's plans for world domination with		how does he try to take over the world ?		world : in the end , a group of people vote that he should take over the world on the one day he does not want to .		where do they live ?		some large american city underneath a suspension bridge . several		who created the show ?		i do n't know .		anything else interesting ?		although pinky and the brain plan to conquer the world , they do not show much animosity . in		if they do nt show animosity , what do they show ?		if pinky and the brain do n't show animosity , what do they show ?
pinky and the brain		premise		what is pinky an the brain about ?		of every episode involves one of brain 's plans for world domination with pinky 's assistance and the ultimate failure of that plan ,		where does the show take place ?		in historical times ,		who is the show about ?		one of brain 's plans for world domination with		how does he try to take over the world ?		world : in the end , a group of people vote that he should take over the world on the one day he does not want to .		where do they live ?		some large american city underneath a suspension bridge . several		who created the show ?		i do n't know .		anything else interesting ?		although pinky and the brain plan to conquer the world , they do not show much animosity . in		if they do nt show animosity , what do they show ?		in a christmas special pinky even wrote to santa that brain had the world 's best interests at heart .		does it mention any other specific episodes ?		along with the christmas special , does pinky and the brain mention any other specific episodes ?
perry como		vocal characteristics		what were his vocal characteristics ?		what were como 's vocal characteristics ?
perry como		vocal characteristics		what were his vocal characteristics ?		perry como 's voice is widely known for its good - natured vocal acrobatics		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to comos voice widely known for its good - natured vocal acrobatics are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
perry como		vocal characteristics		what were his vocal characteristics ?		perry como 's voice is widely known for its good - natured vocal acrobatics		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		perry como credited bing crosby for influencing his voice and style .		did he win awards ?		did como win awards ?
perry como		vocal characteristics		what were his vocal characteristics ?		perry como 's voice is widely known for its good - natured vocal acrobatics		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		perry como credited bing crosby for influencing his voice and style .		did he win awards ?		i do n't know .		was he married ?		was como married ?
perry como		vocal characteristics		what were his vocal characteristics ?		perry como 's voice is widely known for its good - natured vocal acrobatics		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		perry como credited bing crosby for influencing his voice and style .		did he win awards ?		i do n't know .		was he married ?		i do n't know .		what was his best attribute ?		what was como 's best attribute ?
perry como		vocal characteristics		what were his vocal characteristics ?		perry como 's voice is widely known for its good - natured vocal acrobatics		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		perry como credited bing crosby for influencing his voice and style .		did he win awards ?		i do n't know .		was he married ?		i do n't know .		what was his best attribute ?		his formidable attributes as a singer is that he makes so little fuss about them . that celebrated ease of his has been too little understood .		who did he work with ?		who did como work with ?
perry como		vocal characteristics		what were his vocal characteristics ?		perry como 's voice is widely known for its good - natured vocal acrobatics		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		perry como credited bing crosby for influencing his voice and style .		did he win awards ?		i do n't know .		was he married ?		i do n't know .		what was his best attribute ?		his formidable attributes as a singer is that he makes so little fuss about them . that celebrated ease of his has been too little understood .		who did he work with ?		from 1989 until his death in 2001 , como co - hosted a weekly syndicated radio show with john knox , called weekend with perry .		he died ?		como died when ?
perry como		vocal characteristics		what were his vocal characteristics ?		perry como 's voice is widely known for its good - natured vocal acrobatics		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		perry como credited bing crosby for influencing his voice and style .		did he win awards ?		i do n't know .		was he married ?		i do n't know .		what was his best attribute ?		his formidable attributes as a singer is that he makes so little fuss about them . that celebrated ease of his has been too little understood .		who did he work with ?		from 1989 until his death in 2001 , como co - hosted a weekly syndicated radio show with john knox , called weekend with perry .		he died ?		his death in 2001 ,		what did he die of ?		what did como die of ?
drum and bugle corps ( modern )		marching technique		what is the marching technique ?		what is the drum and bugle corps marching technique ?
drum and bugle corps ( modern )		marching technique		what is the marching technique ?		given that instrument - wielding members most often face toward the audience ( for maximum sound projection ) , marching technique must not affect the rigidity of members ' upper torsos .		how rigid is their upper torso supposed to be ?		how rigid is drum and bugle corps upper torso supposed to be ?
drum and bugle corps ( modern )		marching technique		what is the marching technique ?		given that instrument - wielding members most often face toward the audience ( for maximum sound projection ) , marching technique must not affect the rigidity of members ' upper torsos .		how rigid is their upper torso supposed to be ?		members of the battery , due to the nature of their equipment , must keep their entire bodies facing forward at all times .		what is another factor of their technique ?		what is another factor of drum and bugle corps technique , aside from rigid upper bodies ?
drum and bugle corps ( modern )		marching technique		what is the marching technique ?		given that instrument - wielding members most often face toward the audience ( for maximum sound projection ) , marching technique must not affect the rigidity of members ' upper torsos .		how rigid is their upper torso supposed to be ?		members of the battery , due to the nature of their equipment , must keep their entire bodies facing forward at all times .		what is another factor of their technique ?		horn players may twist their lower bodies in their direction of movement , but members of the battery , due to the nature of their equipment ,		what are members of the battery supposed to do ?		what are members of the drum and bugle corps battery supposed to do ?
drum and bugle corps ( modern )		marching technique		what is the marching technique ?		given that instrument - wielding members most often face toward the audience ( for maximum sound projection ) , marching technique must not affect the rigidity of members ' upper torsos .		how rigid is their upper torso supposed to be ?		members of the battery , due to the nature of their equipment , must keep their entire bodies facing forward at all times .		what is another factor of their technique ?		horn players may twist their lower bodies in their direction of movement , but members of the battery , due to the nature of their equipment ,		what are members of the battery supposed to do ?		must keep their entire bodies facing forward at all times .		why can horn players twist their bodies ?		why can drum and bugle corps horn players twist their bodies ?
drum and bugle corps ( modern )		marching technique		what is the marching technique ?		given that instrument - wielding members most often face toward the audience ( for maximum sound projection ) , marching technique must not affect the rigidity of members ' upper torsos .		how rigid is their upper torso supposed to be ?		members of the battery , due to the nature of their equipment , must keep their entire bodies facing forward at all times .		what is another factor of their technique ?		horn players may twist their lower bodies in their direction of movement , but members of the battery , due to the nature of their equipment ,		what are members of the battery supposed to do ?		must keep their entire bodies facing forward at all times .		why can horn players twist their bodies ?		this has led to the invention of the " crab walk " or oblique , where the legs cross over one another to facilitate sideways motion ;		does the whole group do the crab walk ?		does the whole drum and bugle corps group do the crab walk ?
bob dylan		going electric		how does the phrase " going electric " pertain to dylan ?		how does the phrase " going electric " pertain to bob dylan ?
bob dylan		going electric		how does the phrase " going electric " pertain to dylan ?		appearing , unexpectedly , with an electric guitar .		when did this first occur ?		when did bob dylan appearance occur ?
bob dylan		going electric		how does the phrase " going electric " pertain to dylan ?		appearing , unexpectedly , with an electric guitar .		when did this first occur ?		dylan had appeared at newport in 1963 and 1964 , but in 1965 met with cheering and booing and left the stage after three songs .		why were people booing ?		why were people booing at bob dylan ?
bob dylan		going electric		how does the phrase " going electric " pertain to dylan ?		appearing , unexpectedly , with an electric guitar .		when did this first occur ?		dylan had appeared at newport in 1963 and 1964 , but in 1965 met with cheering and booing and left the stage after three songs .		why were people booing ?		one version has it that the boos were from folk fans whom dylan had alienated by appearing , unexpectedly , with an electric guitar .		what is another version of the event ?		what is another version of bob dylan appearance ?
bob dylan		going electric		how does the phrase " going electric " pertain to dylan ?		appearing , unexpectedly , with an electric guitar .		when did this first occur ?		dylan had appeared at newport in 1963 and 1964 , but in 1965 met with cheering and booing and left the stage after three songs .		why were people booing ?		one version has it that the boos were from folk fans whom dylan had alienated by appearing , unexpectedly , with an electric guitar .		what is another version of the event ?		an alternative account claims audience members were upset by poor sound and a short set .		what was his first electric album ?		what was bob dylan first electric album ?
bob dylan		going electric		how does the phrase " going electric " pertain to dylan ?		appearing , unexpectedly , with an electric guitar .		when did this first occur ?		dylan had appeared at newport in 1963 and 1964 , but in 1965 met with cheering and booing and left the stage after three songs .		why were people booing ?		one version has it that the boos were from folk fans whom dylan had alienated by appearing , unexpectedly , with an electric guitar .		what is another version of the event ?		an alternative account claims audience members were upset by poor sound and a short set .		what was his first electric album ?		dylan 's late march 1965 album bringing it all back home was another leap , featuring his first recordings with electric instruments .		was the album well received ?		was bob dylan album well received ?
styx ( band )		paradise theatre ( 1981 ) and backmasking accusation		what happened in 1981 ?		what happened in 1981 ?
styx ( band )		paradise theatre ( 1981 ) and backmasking accusation		what happened in 1981 ?		in january 1981 , styx released paradise theatre , a concept album that became their biggest hit , reaching no . 1		what was a single off the album ?		what was a single off paradise theatre ?
styx ( band )		paradise theatre ( 1981 ) and backmasking accusation		what happened in 1981 ?		in january 1981 , styx released paradise theatre , a concept album that became their biggest hit , reaching no . 1		what was a single off the album ?		five singles , including the top ten hits " the best of times " by deyoung ( # 3 ) and " too much time on my hands " by shaw ( # 9 ) .		did they tour during this time ?		did styx tour during 1981 ?
styx ( band )		paradise theatre ( 1981 ) and backmasking accusation		what happened in 1981 ?		in january 1981 , styx released paradise theatre , a concept album that became their biggest hit , reaching no . 1		what was a single off the album ?		five singles , including the top ten hits " the best of times " by deyoung ( # 3 ) and " too much time on my hands " by shaw ( # 9 ) .		did they tour during this time ?		i do n't know .		what is the backmasking accusation ?		what is the backmasking accusation ?
styx ( band )		paradise theatre ( 1981 ) and backmasking accusation		what happened in 1981 ?		in january 1981 , styx released paradise theatre , a concept album that became their biggest hit , reaching no . 1		what was a single off the album ?		five singles , including the top ten hits " the best of times " by deyoung ( # 3 ) and " too much time on my hands " by shaw ( # 9 ) .		did they tour during this time ?		i do n't know .		what is the backmasking accusation ?		the band was accused by a california religious group and later the parents music resource center of backmasking satanic messages		what did the band say about the accusations ?		what did paradise theatre say about the accusations ?
styx ( band )		paradise theatre ( 1981 ) and backmasking accusation		what happened in 1981 ?		in january 1981 , styx released paradise theatre , a concept album that became their biggest hit , reaching no . 1		what was a single off the album ?		five singles , including the top ten hits " the best of times " by deyoung ( # 3 ) and " too much time on my hands " by shaw ( # 9 ) .		did they tour during this time ?		i do n't know .		what is the backmasking accusation ?		the band was accused by a california religious group and later the parents music resource center of backmasking satanic messages		what did the band say about the accusations ?		james young has denied this charge during his introduction for " snowblind " when played live .		what else did they do during this time ?		along with the release of paradise theatre what else did styx do during 1981 ?
styx ( band )		paradise theatre ( 1981 ) and backmasking accusation		what happened in 1981 ?		in january 1981 , styx released paradise theatre , a concept album that became their biggest hit , reaching no . 1		what was a single off the album ?		five singles , including the top ten hits " the best of times " by deyoung ( # 3 ) and " too much time on my hands " by shaw ( # 9 ) .		did they tour during this time ?		i do n't know .		what is the backmasking accusation ?		the band was accused by a california religious group and later the parents music resource center of backmasking satanic messages		what did the band say about the accusations ?		james young has denied this charge during his introduction for " snowblind " when played live .		what else did they do during this time ?		throughout the 1980s , the band would use the paradise theatre ( 1981 ) album 's opening track , " rockin ' the paradise " (		what did they use it for ?		what did styx use paradise theatre for ?
styx ( band )		paradise theatre ( 1981 ) and backmasking accusation		what happened in 1981 ?		in january 1981 , styx released paradise theatre , a concept album that became their biggest hit , reaching no . 1		what was a single off the album ?		five singles , including the top ten hits " the best of times " by deyoung ( # 3 ) and " too much time on my hands " by shaw ( # 9 ) .		did they tour during this time ?		i do n't know .		what is the backmasking accusation ?		the band was accused by a california religious group and later the parents music resource center of backmasking satanic messages		what did the band say about the accusations ?		james young has denied this charge during his introduction for " snowblind " when played live .		what else did they do during this time ?		throughout the 1980s , the band would use the paradise theatre ( 1981 ) album 's opening track , " rockin ' the paradise " (		what did they use it for ?		to open their shows .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than paradise theatre are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
the smashing pumpkins		post - breakup : 2001 - 2004		what happened in 2001 ?		what happened to the smashing pumpkins in 2001 ?
the smashing pumpkins		post - breakup : 2001 - 2004		what happened in 2001 ?		after the breakup of his gothic rock band the marked , singer and guitarist billy corgan left st. petersburg , florida , to return to his native city of chicago ,		what did he do in chicago ?		what did smashing pumpkins singer billy corgan do in chicago ?
the smashing pumpkins		post - breakup : 2001 - 2004		what happened in 2001 ?		after the breakup of his gothic rock band the marked , singer and guitarist billy corgan left st. petersburg , florida , to return to his native city of chicago ,		what did he do in chicago ?		while working there , he met guitarist james iha . adorning themselves with paisley and other psychedelic trappings , the two began writing songs together		what songs did they write ?		what songs did the smashing pumpkins write ?
the smashing pumpkins		post - breakup : 2001 - 2004		what happened in 2001 ?		after the breakup of his gothic rock band the marked , singer and guitarist billy corgan left st. petersburg , florida , to return to his native city of chicago ,		what did he do in chicago ?		while working there , he met guitarist james iha . adorning themselves with paisley and other psychedelic trappings , the two began writing songs together		what songs did they write ?		) that were heavily influenced by the cure and new order . the duo performed live for the first time on july 9 , 1988 at the polish bar chicago 21 .		what was their biggest accomplishment ?		what was the smashing pumpkinsbiggest accomplishment ?
the smashing pumpkins		post - breakup : 2001 - 2004		what happened in 2001 ?		after the breakup of his gothic rock band the marked , singer and guitarist billy corgan left st. petersburg , florida , to return to his native city of chicago ,		what did he do in chicago ?		while working there , he met guitarist james iha . adorning themselves with paisley and other psychedelic trappings , the two began writing songs together		what songs did they write ?		) that were heavily influenced by the cure and new order . the duo performed live for the first time on july 9 , 1988 at the polish bar chicago 21 .		what was their biggest accomplishment ?		in 1989 the smashing pumpkins made their first appearance on record with the compilation album light into dark , which featured several chicago alternative bands .		did the album make the charts ?		did light into dark by the smashing pumpkins make the charts ?
the smashing pumpkins		post - breakup : 2001 - 2004		what happened in 2001 ?		after the breakup of his gothic rock band the marked , singer and guitarist billy corgan left st. petersburg , florida , to return to his native city of chicago ,		what did he do in chicago ?		while working there , he met guitarist james iha . adorning themselves with paisley and other psychedelic trappings , the two began writing songs together		what songs did they write ?		) that were heavily influenced by the cure and new order . the duo performed live for the first time on july 9 , 1988 at the polish bar chicago 21 .		what was their biggest accomplishment ?		in 1989 the smashing pumpkins made their first appearance on record with the compilation album light into dark , which featured several chicago alternative bands .		did the album make the charts ?		the group released its first single , " i am one " , in 1990 on local chicago label limited potential . the single sold out and they released a follow - up , " tristessa " ,		how did the follow - up do ?		how did the follow - up to the smashing pumpkins album light into dark do ?
the smashing pumpkins		post - breakup : 2001 - 2004		what happened in 2001 ?		after the breakup of his gothic rock band the marked , singer and guitarist billy corgan left st. petersburg , florida , to return to his native city of chicago ,		what did he do in chicago ?		while working there , he met guitarist james iha . adorning themselves with paisley and other psychedelic trappings , the two began writing songs together		what songs did they write ?		) that were heavily influenced by the cure and new order . the duo performed live for the first time on july 9 , 1988 at the polish bar chicago 21 .		what was their biggest accomplishment ?		in 1989 the smashing pumpkins made their first appearance on record with the compilation album light into dark , which featured several chicago alternative bands .		did the album make the charts ?		the group released its first single , " i am one " , in 1990 on local chicago label limited potential . the single sold out and they released a follow - up , " tristessa " ,		how did the follow - up do ?		the band recorded their 1991 debut studio album gish with producer butch vig at his smart studios in madison , wisconsin for $ 20,000 .		did that album do well ?		did the album light into dark by the smashing pumpkins do well ?
the smashing pumpkins		post - breakup : 2001 - 2004		what happened in 2001 ?		after the breakup of his gothic rock band the marked , singer and guitarist billy corgan left st. petersburg , florida , to return to his native city of chicago ,		what did he do in chicago ?		while working there , he met guitarist james iha . adorning themselves with paisley and other psychedelic trappings , the two began writing songs together		what songs did they write ?		) that were heavily influenced by the cure and new order . the duo performed live for the first time on july 9 , 1988 at the polish bar chicago 21 .		what was their biggest accomplishment ?		in 1989 the smashing pumpkins made their first appearance on record with the compilation album light into dark , which featured several chicago alternative bands .		did the album make the charts ?		the group released its first single , " i am one " , in 1990 on local chicago label limited potential . the single sold out and they released a follow - up , " tristessa " ,		how did the follow - up do ?		the band recorded their 1991 debut studio album gish with producer butch vig at his smart studios in madison , wisconsin for $ 20,000 .		did that album do well ?		gish became a minor success , with the single " rhinoceros " receiving some airplay on modern rock radio . after		what happened after ?		what happened the smashing pumpkins album light into dark played on the radio ?
the smashing pumpkins		reformation and zeitgeist : 2005 - 2008		when was reformation released ?		when was reformation released ?
the smashing pumpkins		reformation and zeitgeist : 2005 - 2008		when was reformation released ?		on june 21 , 2005 ,		when was their album released ?		when was the smashing pumpkins album released ?
the smashing pumpkins		reformation and zeitgeist : 2005 - 2008		when was reformation released ?		on june 21 , 2005 ,		when was their album released ?		on june 21 , 2005 ,		what happened with their reformation ?		what happened with the smashing pumpkins reformation ?
the smashing pumpkins		reformation and zeitgeist : 2005 - 2008		when was reformation released ?		on june 21 , 2005 ,		when was their album released ?		on june 21 , 2005 ,		what happened with their reformation ?		there was question as to whether other former members of the band would participate .		did they want to get back together ?		did the smashing pumpkins want to get back together ?
the smashing pumpkins		reformation and zeitgeist : 2005 - 2008		when was reformation released ?		on june 21 , 2005 ,		when was their album released ?		on june 21 , 2005 ,		what happened with their reformation ?		there was question as to whether other former members of the band would participate .		did they want to get back together ?		in april 2007 iha and auf der maur separately confirmed that they were not taking part in the reunion .		why did n't they want to join the reunion ?		why did n't the smashing pumpkins want to join the reunion ?
the smashing pumpkins		reformation and zeitgeist : 2005 - 2008		when was reformation released ?		on june 21 , 2005 ,		when was their album released ?		on june 21 , 2005 ,		what happened with their reformation ?		there was question as to whether other former members of the band would participate .		did they want to get back together ?		in april 2007 iha and auf der maur separately confirmed that they were not taking part in the reunion .		why did n't they want to join the reunion ?		chamberlin would later state that iha and wretzky " did n't want to be a part of " the reunion .		when was the first performance ?		when was the the smashing pumpkins 's first performance ?
the smashing pumpkins		reformation and zeitgeist : 2005 - 2008		when was reformation released ?		on june 21 , 2005 ,		when was their album released ?		on june 21 , 2005 ,		what happened with their reformation ?		there was question as to whether other former members of the band would participate .		did they want to get back together ?		in april 2007 iha and auf der maur separately confirmed that they were not taking part in the reunion .		why did n't they want to join the reunion ?		chamberlin would later state that iha and wretzky " did n't want to be a part of " the reunion .		when was the first performance ?		smashing pumpkins performed live for the first time since 2000 on may 22 , 2007 ,		who replaced the members that did n't want to do the reunion ?		who replaced the members that did n't want to do the reunion ?
the smashing pumpkins		reformation and zeitgeist : 2005 - 2008		when was reformation released ?		on june 21 , 2005 ,		when was their album released ?		on june 21 , 2005 ,		what happened with their reformation ?		there was question as to whether other former members of the band would participate .		did they want to get back together ?		in april 2007 iha and auf der maur separately confirmed that they were not taking part in the reunion .		why did n't they want to join the reunion ?		chamberlin would later state that iha and wretzky " did n't want to be a part of " the reunion .		when was the first performance ?		smashing pumpkins performed live for the first time since 2000 on may 22 , 2007 ,		who replaced the members that did n't want to do the reunion ?		guitarist jeff schroeder , bassist ginger reyes , and keyboardist lisa harriton .		did they release more music with the new people ?		did the smashing pumpkins release more music with the new people ?
woodes rogers		preparation and the early voyage		how did he prepare ?		how did rogers prepare for his voyage ?
woodes rogers		preparation and the early voyage		how did he prepare ?		rogers was approached by william dampier , a navigator and friend of rogers ' father , who proposed a privateering expedition against the spanish .		why did he approach rogers ?		why did william dampier approach rogers ?
woodes rogers		preparation and the early voyage		how did he prepare ?		rogers was approached by william dampier , a navigator and friend of rogers ' father , who proposed a privateering expedition against the spanish .		why did he approach rogers ?		this was a desperate move on the part of captain dampier to save his career .		what had happened to dampier 's career ?		what had happened to dampier 's career ?
woodes rogers		preparation and the early voyage		how did he prepare ?		rogers was approached by william dampier , a navigator and friend of rogers ' father , who proposed a privateering expedition against the spanish .		why did he approach rogers ?		this was a desperate move on the part of captain dampier to save his career .		what had happened to dampier 's career ?		dampier had recently returned from leading a two - ship privateering expedition into the pacific , which culminated in a series of mutinies before both ships finally sank due to dampier 's error		what error had he made ?		what error had dampier made during his expedition ?
woodes rogers		preparation and the early voyage		how did he prepare ?		rogers was approached by william dampier , a navigator and friend of rogers ' father , who proposed a privateering expedition against the spanish .		why did he approach rogers ?		this was a desperate move on the part of captain dampier to save his career .		what had happened to dampier 's career ?		dampier had recently returned from leading a two - ship privateering expedition into the pacific , which culminated in a series of mutinies before both ships finally sank due to dampier 's error		what error had he made ?		not having the hulls properly protected against worms before leaving port .		and did rogers agree to his proposal ?		and did rogers agree to dampier 's proposal ?
woodes rogers		preparation and the early voyage		how did he prepare ?		rogers was approached by william dampier , a navigator and friend of rogers ' father , who proposed a privateering expedition against the spanish .		why did he approach rogers ?		this was a desperate move on the part of captain dampier to save his career .		what had happened to dampier 's career ?		dampier had recently returned from leading a two - ship privateering expedition into the pacific , which culminated in a series of mutinies before both ships finally sank due to dampier 's error		what error had he made ?		not having the hulls properly protected against worms before leaving port .		and did rogers agree to his proposal ?		unaware of this , rogers agreed .		what did he do after agreeing ?		what did rogers do after agreeing to dampier 's proposal ?
woodes rogers		preparation and the early voyage		how did he prepare ?		rogers was approached by william dampier , a navigator and friend of rogers ' father , who proposed a privateering expedition against the spanish .		why did he approach rogers ?		this was a desperate move on the part of captain dampier to save his career .		what had happened to dampier 's career ?		dampier had recently returned from leading a two - ship privateering expedition into the pacific , which culminated in a series of mutinies before both ships finally sank due to dampier 's error		what error had he made ?		not having the hulls properly protected against worms before leaving port .		and did rogers agree to his proposal ?		unaware of this , rogers agreed .		what did he do after agreeing ?		commanding two frigates , duke and duchess , and captaining the first , rogers spent three years circumnavigating the globe .		was dampier with him on this trip ?		was dampier with rogers on the privateering expedition ?
woodes rogers		preparation and the early voyage		how did he prepare ?		rogers was approached by william dampier , a navigator and friend of rogers ' father , who proposed a privateering expedition against the spanish .		why did he approach rogers ?		this was a desperate move on the part of captain dampier to save his career .		what had happened to dampier 's career ?		dampier had recently returned from leading a two - ship privateering expedition into the pacific , which culminated in a series of mutinies before both ships finally sank due to dampier 's error		what error had he made ?		not having the hulls properly protected against worms before leaving port .		and did rogers agree to his proposal ?		unaware of this , rogers agreed .		what did he do after agreeing ?		commanding two frigates , duke and duchess , and captaining the first , rogers spent three years circumnavigating the globe .		was dampier with him on this trip ?		dampier was aboard as rogers ' sailing master .		did they have any problems on this voyage ?		did dampier and rogers have any problems on their privateering expedition against the spanish ?
woodes rogers		preparation and the early voyage		how did he prepare ?		rogers was approached by william dampier , a navigator and friend of rogers ' father , who proposed a privateering expedition against the spanish .		why did he approach rogers ?		this was a desperate move on the part of captain dampier to save his career .		what had happened to dampier 's career ?		dampier had recently returned from leading a two - ship privateering expedition into the pacific , which culminated in a series of mutinies before both ships finally sank due to dampier 's error		what error had he made ?		not having the hulls properly protected against worms before leaving port .		and did rogers agree to his proposal ?		unaware of this , rogers agreed .		what did he do after agreeing ?		commanding two frigates , duke and duchess , and captaining the first , rogers spent three years circumnavigating the globe .		was dampier with him on this trip ?		dampier was aboard as rogers ' sailing master .		did they have any problems on this voyage ?		rogers encountered various problems along the way .		what problems did he encounter ?		what problems did rogers encounter during his expedition with dampier ?
woodes rogers		preparation and the early voyage		how did he prepare ?		rogers was approached by william dampier , a navigator and friend of rogers ' father , who proposed a privateering expedition against the spanish .		why did he approach rogers ?		this was a desperate move on the part of captain dampier to save his career .		what had happened to dampier 's career ?		dampier had recently returned from leading a two - ship privateering expedition into the pacific , which culminated in a series of mutinies before both ships finally sank due to dampier 's error		what error had he made ?		not having the hulls properly protected against worms before leaving port .		and did rogers agree to his proposal ?		unaware of this , rogers agreed .		what did he do after agreeing ?		commanding two frigates , duke and duchess , and captaining the first , rogers spent three years circumnavigating the globe .		was dampier with him on this trip ?		dampier was aboard as rogers ' sailing master .		did they have any problems on this voyage ?		rogers encountered various problems along the way .		what problems did he encounter ?		some of the crew mutinied after rogers refused to let them plunder a neutral swedish vessel .		why did they do that ?		why did roger 's crew mutiny ?
woodes rogers		preparation and the early voyage		how did he prepare ?		rogers was approached by william dampier , a navigator and friend of rogers ' father , who proposed a privateering expedition against the spanish .		why did he approach rogers ?		this was a desperate move on the part of captain dampier to save his career .		what had happened to dampier 's career ?		dampier had recently returned from leading a two - ship privateering expedition into the pacific , which culminated in a series of mutinies before both ships finally sank due to dampier 's error		what error had he made ?		not having the hulls properly protected against worms before leaving port .		and did rogers agree to his proposal ?		unaware of this , rogers agreed .		what did he do after agreeing ?		commanding two frigates , duke and duchess , and captaining the first , rogers spent three years circumnavigating the globe .		was dampier with him on this trip ?		dampier was aboard as rogers ' sailing master .		did they have any problems on this voyage ?		rogers encountered various problems along the way .		what problems did he encounter ?		some of the crew mutinied after rogers refused to let them plunder a neutral swedish vessel .		why did they do that ?		rogers refused to let them plunder a neutral swedish vessel .		what happened after that ?		what happened after roger 's crew mutiny ?
jason white ( musician )		other musical acts ( 1992-present )		what happened in 1992		what happened in 1992 ?
jason white ( musician )		other musical acts ( 1992-present )		what happened in 1992		in the summer of 1992 , white filled in guitar duties at the last minute for bay area punk band monsula , who were performing at little rock , ar club vino 's .		what happened after that		what happened after the performance with monsula ?
jason white ( musician )		other musical acts ( 1992-present )		what happened in 1992		in the summer of 1992 , white filled in guitar duties at the last minute for bay area punk band monsula , who were performing at little rock , ar club vino 's .		what happened after that		after the performance , jason toured as guitarist for the band and eventually relocated to the bay area after the breakup of chino horde in summer 1993 .		what was the breakup of chino horde ?		what was the breakup of chino horde ?
jason white ( musician )		other musical acts ( 1992-present )		what happened in 1992		in the summer of 1992 , white filled in guitar duties at the last minute for bay area punk band monsula , who were performing at little rock , ar club vino 's .		what happened after that		after the performance , jason toured as guitarist for the band and eventually relocated to the bay area after the breakup of chino horde in summer 1993 .		what was the breakup of chino horde ?		i do n't know .		what happened in 1994		what happened in 1994 ?
jason white ( musician )		other musical acts ( 1992-present )		what happened in 1992		in the summer of 1992 , white filled in guitar duties at the last minute for bay area punk band monsula , who were performing at little rock , ar club vino 's .		what happened after that		after the performance , jason toured as guitarist for the band and eventually relocated to the bay area after the breakup of chino horde in summer 1993 .		what was the breakup of chino horde ?		i do n't know .		what happened in 1994		i do n't know .		any other interesting facts ?		besides touring for monsula , was there anything else of interest in the article ?
jason white ( musician )		other musical acts ( 1992-present )		what happened in 1992		in the summer of 1992 , white filled in guitar duties at the last minute for bay area punk band monsula , who were performing at little rock , ar club vino 's .		what happened after that		after the performance , jason toured as guitarist for the band and eventually relocated to the bay area after the breakup of chino horde in summer 1993 .		what was the breakup of chino horde ?		i do n't know .		what happened in 1994		i do n't know .		any other interesting facts ?		white and gunpowder bassist bill schneider began looking to form another band that would be a group the two could focus on .		did they form another group		did bill schneider and jason white form another group ?
roy acuff		grand ole opry		did roy perform at the grand ole opry ?		did roy acuff perform at the grand ole opry ?
roy acuff		grand ole opry		did roy perform at the grand ole opry ?		in 1938 , the crazy tennesseans moved to nashville to audition for the grand ole opry .		who are the crazy tennesseans ?		who are the crazy tennesseans ?
roy acuff		grand ole opry		did roy perform at the grand ole opry ?		in 1938 , the crazy tennesseans moved to nashville to audition for the grand ole opry .		who are the crazy tennesseans ?		the band 's		did roy perform with the crazy tennesseans ?		did roy acuff perform with the crazy tennesseans ?
roy acuff		grand ole opry		did roy perform at the grand ole opry ?		in 1938 , the crazy tennesseans moved to nashville to audition for the grand ole opry .		who are the crazy tennesseans ?		the band 's		did roy perform with the crazy tennesseans ?		on hay and stone 's suggestion , acuff changed the group 's name to the smoky mountain boys ,		who are the members of the band ?		who are the members of the smoky mountain boys ?
roy acuff		grand ole opry		did roy perform at the grand ole opry ?		in 1938 , the crazy tennesseans moved to nashville to audition for the grand ole opry .		who are the crazy tennesseans ?		the band 's		did roy perform with the crazy tennesseans ?		on hay and stone 's suggestion , acuff changed the group 's name to the smoky mountain boys ,		who are the members of the band ?		clell summey left the group and was replaced by the dobro player beecher ( pete ) kirby		are the smokey mountain boys successful ?		are the smokey mountain boys successful ?
roy acuff		grand ole opry		did roy perform at the grand ole opry ?		in 1938 , the crazy tennesseans moved to nashville to audition for the grand ole opry .		who are the crazy tennesseans ?		the band 's		did roy perform with the crazy tennesseans ?		on hay and stone 's suggestion , acuff changed the group 's name to the smoky mountain boys ,		who are the members of the band ?		clell summey left the group and was replaced by the dobro player beecher ( pete ) kirby		are the smokey mountain boys successful ?		within a year , roy acuff and the smoky mountain boys rivaled the long - time opry banjoist uncle dave macon as the troupe 's most popular act .		where did they play at ?		where did roy acuff and the smoky mountain boys play at ?
roy acuff		grand ole opry		did roy perform at the grand ole opry ?		in 1938 , the crazy tennesseans moved to nashville to audition for the grand ole opry .		who are the crazy tennesseans ?		the band 's		did roy perform with the crazy tennesseans ?		on hay and stone 's suggestion , acuff changed the group 's name to the smoky mountain boys ,		who are the members of the band ?		clell summey left the group and was replaced by the dobro player beecher ( pete ) kirby		are the smokey mountain boys successful ?		within a year , roy acuff and the smoky mountain boys rivaled the long - time opry banjoist uncle dave macon as the troupe 's most popular act .		where did they play at ?		acuff and his band also joined macon and other opry acts at various tent shows held throughout the southeast in the early 1940s .		did they produce any records ?		did roy acuff and the smoky mountain boys produce any records ?
roy acuff		grand ole opry		did roy perform at the grand ole opry ?		in 1938 , the crazy tennesseans moved to nashville to audition for the grand ole opry .		who are the crazy tennesseans ?		the band 's		did roy perform with the crazy tennesseans ?		on hay and stone 's suggestion , acuff changed the group 's name to the smoky mountain boys ,		who are the members of the band ?		clell summey left the group and was replaced by the dobro player beecher ( pete ) kirby		are the smokey mountain boys successful ?		within a year , roy acuff and the smoky mountain boys rivaled the long - time opry banjoist uncle dave macon as the troupe 's most popular act .		where did they play at ?		acuff and his band also joined macon and other opry acts at various tent shows held throughout the southeast in the early 1940s .		did they produce any records ?		i do n't know .		what songs did they play ?		what songs did roy acuff and the smoky mountain boys play ?
roy acuff		grand ole opry		did roy perform at the grand ole opry ?		in 1938 , the crazy tennesseans moved to nashville to audition for the grand ole opry .		who are the crazy tennesseans ?		the band 's		did roy perform with the crazy tennesseans ?		on hay and stone 's suggestion , acuff changed the group 's name to the smoky mountain boys ,		who are the members of the band ?		clell summey left the group and was replaced by the dobro player beecher ( pete ) kirby		are the smokey mountain boys successful ?		within a year , roy acuff and the smoky mountain boys rivaled the long - time opry banjoist uncle dave macon as the troupe 's most popular act .		where did they play at ?		acuff and his band also joined macon and other opry acts at various tent shows held throughout the southeast in the early 1940s .		did they produce any records ?		i do n't know .		what songs did they play ?		i do n't know .		did they win any awards ?		did roy acuff and the smoky mountain boys win any awards ?
roy acuff		grand ole opry		did roy perform at the grand ole opry ?		in 1938 , the crazy tennesseans moved to nashville to audition for the grand ole opry .		who are the crazy tennesseans ?		the band 's		did roy perform with the crazy tennesseans ?		on hay and stone 's suggestion , acuff changed the group 's name to the smoky mountain boys ,		who are the members of the band ?		clell summey left the group and was replaced by the dobro player beecher ( pete ) kirby		are the smokey mountain boys successful ?		within a year , roy acuff and the smoky mountain boys rivaled the long - time opry banjoist uncle dave macon as the troupe 's most popular act .		where did they play at ?		acuff and his band also joined macon and other opry acts at various tent shows held throughout the southeast in the early 1940s .		did they produce any records ?		i do n't know .		what songs did they play ?		i do n't know .		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what instrument did acuff play ?		what instrument did roy acuff play ?
roy acuff		grand ole opry		did roy perform at the grand ole opry ?		in 1938 , the crazy tennesseans moved to nashville to audition for the grand ole opry .		who are the crazy tennesseans ?		the band 's		did roy perform with the crazy tennesseans ?		on hay and stone 's suggestion , acuff changed the group 's name to the smoky mountain boys ,		who are the members of the band ?		clell summey left the group and was replaced by the dobro player beecher ( pete ) kirby		are the smokey mountain boys successful ?		within a year , roy acuff and the smoky mountain boys rivaled the long - time opry banjoist uncle dave macon as the troupe 's most popular act .		where did they play at ?		acuff and his band also joined macon and other opry acts at various tent shows held throughout the southeast in the early 1940s .		did they produce any records ?		i do n't know .		what songs did they play ?		i do n't know .		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what instrument did acuff play ?		acuff 's powerful lead vocals		did he play any other instruments ?		other than his powerful lead vocals , did roy acuff play any other instruments ?
rob brydon		writing breakthrough		when did rob have a writing breakthrough ?		when did rob brydon have a writing breakthrough ?
rob brydon		writing breakthrough		when did rob have a writing breakthrough ?		in 2000 he made his mark in television comedy , with two series which he co - wrote and performed for the bbc :		was he successful ?		was rob brydon successful ?
rob brydon		writing breakthrough		when did rob have a writing breakthrough ?		in 2000 he made his mark in television comedy , with two series which he co - wrote and performed for the bbc :		was he successful ?		since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor , in both comedic and serious roles .		what other writing did he do ?		what writing did rob brydon do aside from writing for television ?
rob brydon		writing breakthrough		when did rob have a writing breakthrough ?		in 2000 he made his mark in television comedy , with two series which he co - wrote and performed for the bbc :		was he successful ?		since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor , in both comedic and serious roles .		what other writing did he do ?		brydon 's book small man in a book ( the title a play on his " small - man - in - a - box " impression ) was published in november 2011 .		what happened after it was published ?		what happened after rob brydons book was published ?
rob brydon		writing breakthrough		when did rob have a writing breakthrough ?		in 2000 he made his mark in television comedy , with two series which he co - wrote and performed for the bbc :		was he successful ?		since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor , in both comedic and serious roles .		what other writing did he do ?		brydon 's book small man in a book ( the title a play on his " small - man - in - a - box " impression ) was published in november 2011 .		what happened after it was published ?		i do n't know .		anything else interesting ?		is there any interesting information about rob brydon aside from his book and writing for television ?
rob brydon		writing breakthrough		when did rob have a writing breakthrough ?		in 2000 he made his mark in television comedy , with two series which he co - wrote and performed for the bbc :		was he successful ?		since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor , in both comedic and serious roles .		what other writing did he do ?		brydon 's book small man in a book ( the title a play on his " small - man - in - a - box " impression ) was published in november 2011 .		what happened after it was published ?		i do n't know .		anything else interesting ?		since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor , in both comedic and serious roles .		what did he act in ?		what did rob brydon perform in as an actor ?
rob brydon		writing breakthrough		when did rob have a writing breakthrough ?		in 2000 he made his mark in television comedy , with two series which he co - wrote and performed for the bbc :		was he successful ?		since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor , in both comedic and serious roles .		what other writing did he do ?		brydon 's book small man in a book ( the title a play on his " small - man - in - a - box " impression ) was published in november 2011 .		what happened after it was published ?		i do n't know .		anything else interesting ?		since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor , in both comedic and serious roles .		what did he act in ?		he portrayed controversial theatre critic kenneth tynan in the bbc four film kenneth tynan : in praise of hardcore ( 2005 ) ,		did he act in anything else ?		did rob brydon act in anything other than kenneth tynan : in praise of hardcore ?
rob brydon		writing breakthrough		when did rob have a writing breakthrough ?		in 2000 he made his mark in television comedy , with two series which he co - wrote and performed for the bbc :		was he successful ?		since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor , in both comedic and serious roles .		what other writing did he do ?		brydon 's book small man in a book ( the title a play on his " small - man - in - a - box " impression ) was published in november 2011 .		what happened after it was published ?		i do n't know .		anything else interesting ?		since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor , in both comedic and serious roles .		what did he act in ?		he portrayed controversial theatre critic kenneth tynan in the bbc four film kenneth tynan : in praise of hardcore ( 2005 ) ,		did he act in anything else ?		his character bryn west in gavin & stacey , written by ruth jones and james corden , allowed him to return to his south wales roots .		did he win any awards ?		did rob brydon win any awards for his work ?
rob brydon		writing breakthrough		when did rob have a writing breakthrough ?		in 2000 he made his mark in television comedy , with two series which he co - wrote and performed for the bbc :		was he successful ?		since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor , in both comedic and serious roles .		what other writing did he do ?		brydon 's book small man in a book ( the title a play on his " small - man - in - a - box " impression ) was published in november 2011 .		what happened after it was published ?		i do n't know .		anything else interesting ?		since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor , in both comedic and serious roles .		what did he act in ?		he portrayed controversial theatre critic kenneth tynan in the bbc four film kenneth tynan : in praise of hardcore ( 2005 ) ,		did he act in anything else ?		his character bryn west in gavin & stacey , written by ruth jones and james corden , allowed him to return to his south wales roots .		did he win any awards ?		it reached no.1 in the uk singles chart on 15 march 2009 .		what was his most successful act ?		what was rob brydons most successful performance as an actor ?
rob brydon		writing breakthrough		when did rob have a writing breakthrough ?		in 2000 he made his mark in television comedy , with two series which he co - wrote and performed for the bbc :		was he successful ?		since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor , in both comedic and serious roles .		what other writing did he do ?		brydon 's book small man in a book ( the title a play on his " small - man - in - a - box " impression ) was published in november 2011 .		what happened after it was published ?		i do n't know .		anything else interesting ?		since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor , in both comedic and serious roles .		what did he act in ?		he portrayed controversial theatre critic kenneth tynan in the bbc four film kenneth tynan : in praise of hardcore ( 2005 ) ,		did he act in anything else ?		his character bryn west in gavin & stacey , written by ruth jones and james corden , allowed him to return to his south wales roots .		did he win any awards ?		it reached no.1 in the uk singles chart on 15 march 2009 .		what was his most successful act ?		in 2010 brydon starred alongside steve coogan in michael winterbottom 's partially improvised bbc two sitcom series the trip ,		what happened after the trip ?		what happened in regards to rob brydon after the trip ?
rob brydon		writing breakthrough		when did rob have a writing breakthrough ?		in 2000 he made his mark in television comedy , with two series which he co - wrote and performed for the bbc :		was he successful ?		since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor , in both comedic and serious roles .		what other writing did he do ?		brydon 's book small man in a book ( the title a play on his " small - man - in - a - box " impression ) was published in november 2011 .		what happened after it was published ?		i do n't know .		anything else interesting ?		since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor , in both comedic and serious roles .		what did he act in ?		he portrayed controversial theatre critic kenneth tynan in the bbc four film kenneth tynan : in praise of hardcore ( 2005 ) ,		did he act in anything else ?		his character bryn west in gavin & stacey , written by ruth jones and james corden , allowed him to return to his south wales roots .		did he win any awards ?		it reached no.1 in the uk singles chart on 15 march 2009 .		what was his most successful act ?		in 2010 brydon starred alongside steve coogan in michael winterbottom 's partially improvised bbc two sitcom series the trip ,		what happened after the trip ?		in which both actors played fictionalized versions of their public personas		was it successful ?		was the sitcom the trip that rob brydon acted in successful ?
the master ( doctor who )		dalek trial and ' execution '		who was executed ?		who was executed ?
the master ( doctor who )		dalek trial and ' execution '		who was executed ?		the master ( portrayed briefly by gordon tipple ) is executed		why is the master executed ?		why is the master executed ?
the master ( doctor who )		dalek trial and ' execution '		who was executed ?		the master ( portrayed briefly by gordon tipple ) is executed		why is the master executed ?		as a punishment for his " evil crimes " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the master been executed are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
the master ( doctor who )		dalek trial and ' execution '		who was executed ?		the master ( portrayed briefly by gordon tipple ) is executed		why is the master executed ?		as a punishment for his " evil crimes " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the master appeared as a main character of the 1996 doctor who television movie , played by american actor eric roberts .		how did the master react when he was going to be executed ?		how did the master react when he was going to be executed ?
the master ( doctor who )		dalek trial and ' execution '		who was executed ?		the master ( portrayed briefly by gordon tipple ) is executed		why is the master executed ?		as a punishment for his " evil crimes " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the master appeared as a main character of the 1996 doctor who television movie , played by american actor eric roberts .		how did the master react when he was going to be executed ?		the master requests his remains to be brought back to gallifrey by the seventh doctor .		what is a dalek ?		what is a dalek ?
the master ( doctor who )		dalek trial and ' execution '		who was executed ?		the master ( portrayed briefly by gordon tipple ) is executed		why is the master executed ?		as a punishment for his " evil crimes " .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the master appeared as a main character of the 1996 doctor who television movie , played by american actor eric roberts .		how did the master react when he was going to be executed ?		the master requests his remains to be brought back to gallifrey by the seventh doctor .		what is a dalek ?		i do n't know .		what can you tell me about the trial ?		what can you tell me about the trial ?
lindsay mcdougall		triple j		what band he joined ?		what band did lindsay mcdougall join ?
lindsay mcdougall		triple j		what band he joined ?		i do n't know .		what genre they made of music		what genre of music did lindsay mcdougall 's band make ?
lindsay mcdougall		triple j		what band he joined ?		i do n't know .		what genre they made of music		i do n't know .		did they music get noticed ?		did lindsay mcdougall 's band 's music get noticed ?
lindsay mcdougall		triple j		what band he joined ?		i do n't know .		what genre they made of music		i do n't know .		did they music get noticed ?		i do n't know .		did they have a album name ?		did lindsay mcdougall 's band 's have an album name ?
lindsay mcdougall		triple j		what band he joined ?		i do n't know .		what genre they made of music		i do n't know .		did they music get noticed ?		i do n't know .		did they have a album name ?		i do n't know .		anything stood out in this article to you		anything stood out in this article about lindsay mcdougall to you ?
lindsay mcdougall		triple j		what band he joined ?		i do n't know .		what genre they made of music		i do n't know .		did they music get noticed ?		i do n't know .		did they have a album name ?		i do n't know .		anything stood out in this article to you		during his evening show on triple j on thursday 16 october 2014 , mcdougall announced that he will be leaving the show after 10 years of service to triple j.		did triple j do anything good ?		did triple j do anything good for mcdougall ?
lindsay mcdougall		triple j		what band he joined ?		i do n't know .		what genre they made of music		i do n't know .		did they music get noticed ?		i do n't know .		did they have a album name ?		i do n't know .		anything stood out in this article to you		during his evening show on triple j on thursday 16 october 2014 , mcdougall announced that he will be leaving the show after 10 years of service to triple j.		did triple j do anything good ?		he announced it with a song he recorded off air titled " i 'm f***ing off " . he departed triple j on 12 december 2014 .		did anyone go solo ?		did anyone go solo ?
lindsay mcdougall		triple j		what band he joined ?		i do n't know .		what genre they made of music		i do n't know .		did they music get noticed ?		i do n't know .		did they have a album name ?		i do n't know .		anything stood out in this article to you		during his evening show on triple j on thursday 16 october 2014 , mcdougall announced that he will be leaving the show after 10 years of service to triple j.		did triple j do anything good ?		he announced it with a song he recorded off air titled " i 'm f***ing off " . he departed triple j on 12 december 2014 .		did anyone go solo ?		mcdougall		did his work get noticed after going solo ?		did lindsay mcdougall 's work get noticed after going solo ?
lindsay mcdougall		triple j		what band he joined ?		i do n't know .		what genre they made of music		i do n't know .		did they music get noticed ?		i do n't know .		did they have a album name ?		i do n't know .		anything stood out in this article to you		during his evening show on triple j on thursday 16 october 2014 , mcdougall announced that he will be leaving the show after 10 years of service to triple j.		did triple j do anything good ?		he announced it with a song he recorded off air titled " i 'm f***ing off " . he departed triple j on 12 december 2014 .		did anyone go solo ?		mcdougall		did his work get noticed after going solo ?		i do n't know .		who was his idols ?		who were lindsay mcdougall 's idols ?
lindsay mcdougall		triple j		what band he joined ?		i do n't know .		what genre they made of music		i do n't know .		did they music get noticed ?		i do n't know .		did they have a album name ?		i do n't know .		anything stood out in this article to you		during his evening show on triple j on thursday 16 october 2014 , mcdougall announced that he will be leaving the show after 10 years of service to triple j.		did triple j do anything good ?		he announced it with a song he recorded off air titled " i 'm f***ing off " . he departed triple j on 12 december 2014 .		did anyone go solo ?		mcdougall		did his work get noticed after going solo ?		i do n't know .		who was his idols ?		i do n't know .		did triple j break up ?		did mcdougall break off from triple j ?
bertie wooster		fictional biography		what is the name of the fictional biography		what is the name of the fictional biography
bertie wooster		fictional biography		what is the name of the fictional biography		i do n't know .		was bertie wooster a character of a fictional biography		was bertie wooster a character of a fictional biography
bertie wooster		fictional biography		what is the name of the fictional biography		i do n't know .		was bertie wooster a character of a fictional biography		i do n't know .		what was the fictional biography		what was the fictional biography
bertie wooster		fictional biography		what is the name of the fictional biography		i do n't know .		was bertie wooster a character of a fictional biography		i do n't know .		what was the fictional biography		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about bertie wooster other than fictional biography ?
wallace shawn		acting		what is he famous for acting in ?		what is shawn famous for acting in ?
wallace shawn		acting		what is he famous for acting in ?		his best - known film roles include earl in strange invaders ( 1983 ) and mr. hall in clueless ( 1995 ) .		did he win any awards for his acting ?		did shawn win any awards for his acting ?
wallace shawn		acting		what is he famous for acting in ?		his best - known film roles include earl in strange invaders ( 1983 ) and mr. hall in clueless ( 1995 ) .		did he win any awards for his acting ?		shawn was honored in 2005 with the pen / laura pels international foundation for theater award as a master american dramatist .		what else did he star in ?		besides earl in strange invaders what else did shawn star in ?
wallace shawn		acting		what is he famous for acting in ?		his best - known film roles include earl in strange invaders ( 1983 ) and mr. hall in clueless ( 1995 ) .		did he win any awards for his acting ?		shawn was honored in 2005 with the pen / laura pels international foundation for theater award as a master american dramatist .		what else did he star in ?		shawn quite often appears on television , where he has appeared in many genres and series .		did he have a favorite role he played ?		did shawn have a favorite role he played ?
wallace shawn		acting		what is he famous for acting in ?		his best - known film roles include earl in strange invaders ( 1983 ) and mr. hall in clueless ( 1995 ) .		did he win any awards for his acting ?		shawn was honored in 2005 with the pen / laura pels international foundation for theater award as a master american dramatist .		what else did he star in ?		shawn quite often appears on television , where he has appeared in many genres and series .		did he have a favorite role he played ?		i do n't know .		when did he begin acting ?		when did shawn begin acting ?
wallace shawn		acting		what is he famous for acting in ?		his best - known film roles include earl in strange invaders ( 1983 ) and mr. hall in clueless ( 1995 ) .		did he win any awards for his acting ?		shawn was honored in 2005 with the pen / laura pels international foundation for theater award as a master american dramatist .		what else did he star in ?		shawn quite often appears on television , where he has appeared in many genres and series .		did he have a favorite role he played ?		i do n't know .		when did he begin acting ?		shawn 's involvement with theater began in 1970		did he prefer acting to writing ?		did shawn prefer acting to writing ?
wallace shawn		acting		what is he famous for acting in ?		his best - known film roles include earl in strange invaders ( 1983 ) and mr. hall in clueless ( 1995 ) .		did he win any awards for his acting ?		shawn was honored in 2005 with the pen / laura pels international foundation for theater award as a master american dramatist .		what else did he star in ?		shawn quite often appears on television , where he has appeared in many genres and series .		did he have a favorite role he played ?		i do n't know .		when did he begin acting ?		shawn 's involvement with theater began in 1970		did he prefer acting to writing ?		i do n't know .		did he act more in theater or film ?		did shawn act more in theater or film ?
wallace shawn		acting		what is he famous for acting in ?		his best - known film roles include earl in strange invaders ( 1983 ) and mr. hall in clueless ( 1995 ) .		did he win any awards for his acting ?		shawn was honored in 2005 with the pen / laura pels international foundation for theater award as a master american dramatist .		what else did he star in ?		shawn quite often appears on television , where he has appeared in many genres and series .		did he have a favorite role he played ?		i do n't know .		when did he begin acting ?		shawn 's involvement with theater began in 1970		did he prefer acting to writing ?		i do n't know .		did he act more in theater or film ?		one of shawn 's latest films opened in his birthplace in new york in june 2014		who are some of his co - stars ?		who are some of shawn co - stars ?
wallace shawn		acting		what is he famous for acting in ?		his best - known film roles include earl in strange invaders ( 1983 ) and mr. hall in clueless ( 1995 ) .		did he win any awards for his acting ?		shawn was honored in 2005 with the pen / laura pels international foundation for theater award as a master american dramatist .		what else did he star in ?		shawn quite often appears on television , where he has appeared in many genres and series .		did he have a favorite role he played ?		i do n't know .		when did he begin acting ?		shawn 's involvement with theater began in 1970		did he prefer acting to writing ?		i do n't know .		did he act more in theater or film ?		one of shawn 's latest films opened in his birthplace in new york in june 2014		who are some of his co - stars ?		two collaborations with andre gregory and louis malle : the semi - autobiographical dialogue my dinner with andre ,		did he always want to be an actor ?		did shawn always want to be an actor ?
t. s. eliot		marriage		when did eliot get married ?		when did eliot get married ?
t. s. eliot		marriage		when did eliot get married ?		on 26 june 1915 .		who did he marry ?		who did eliot marry ?
t. s. eliot		marriage		when did eliot get married ?		on 26 june 1915 .		who did he marry ?		vivienne haigh - wood ,		where did he meet vivienne ?		where did t. s. eliot meet vivienne ?
t. s. eliot		marriage		when did eliot get married ?		on 26 june 1915 .		who did he marry ?		vivienne haigh - wood ,		where did he meet vivienne ?		cambridge		did they have a happy marriage ?		did eliot and vivienne have a happy marriage ?
t. s. eliot		marriage		when did eliot get married ?		on 26 june 1915 .		who did he marry ?		vivienne haigh - wood ,		where did he meet vivienne ?		cambridge		did they have a happy marriage ?		i was in love with vivienne simply because i wanted to burn my boats and commit myself to staying in england .		did they have any children ?		did eliot and vivienne have any children ?
t. s. eliot		marriage		when did eliot get married ?		on 26 june 1915 .		who did he marry ?		vivienne haigh - wood ,		where did he meet vivienne ?		cambridge		did they have a happy marriage ?		i was in love with vivienne simply because i wanted to burn my boats and commit myself to staying in england .		did they have any children ?		i do n't know .		where did the couple live ?		where did eliot and vivienne live ?
t. s. eliot		marriage		when did eliot get married ?		on 26 june 1915 .		who did he marry ?		vivienne haigh - wood ,		where did he meet vivienne ?		cambridge		did they have a happy marriage ?		i was in love with vivienne simply because i wanted to burn my boats and commit myself to staying in england .		did they have any children ?		i do n't know .		where did the couple live ?		england .		what did vivienne do ?		what did vivienne do ?
minotaur		birth and appearance		what was significant about his birth ?		what was significant about minotaur 's birth ?
minotaur		birth and appearance		what was significant about his birth ?		after he ascended the throne of the island of crete , minos competed with his brothers to rule .		did he beat them and become ruler ?		did minos beat the brothers and become ruler ?
minotaur		birth and appearance		what was significant about his birth ?		after he ascended the throne of the island of crete , minos competed with his brothers to rule .		did he beat them and become ruler ?		minos prayed to poseidon , the sea god , to send him a snow - white bull , as a sign of support ( the cretan bull ) .		what was the competition ?		what was the competition minos participated in ?
minotaur		birth and appearance		what was significant about his birth ?		after he ascended the throne of the island of crete , minos competed with his brothers to rule .		did he beat them and become ruler ?		minos prayed to poseidon , the sea god , to send him a snow - white bull , as a sign of support ( the cretan bull ) .		what was the competition ?		i do n't know .		what was his appearance ?		what was minos ' appearance ?
peter tatchell		democratic defence		what is the democratic defense ?		what is the democratic defense ?
peter tatchell		democratic defence		what is the democratic defense ?		tatchell 's book		when was this book released ?		when was democratic defense released ?
peter tatchell		democratic defence		what is the democratic defense ?		tatchell 's book		when was this book released ?		published in 1985 .		what was the book democratic defense about ?		what was the book democratic defense about ?
peter tatchell		democratic defence		what is the democratic defense ?		tatchell 's book		when was this book released ?		published in 1985 .		what was the book democratic defense about ?		this outlined how defence of the united kingdom might be assured after the nuclear disarmament that he and the labour party were then committed to .		what was his views and beliefs behind this ?		what was peter ttchell views and beliefs behind how defence of the united kingdom might be assured after the nuclear disarmament that peter tatchell and the labour party were then committed to ?
peter tatchell		democratic defence		what is the democratic defense ?		tatchell 's book		when was this book released ?		published in 1985 .		what was the book democratic defense about ?		this outlined how defence of the united kingdom might be assured after the nuclear disarmament that he and the labour party were then committed to .		what was his views and beliefs behind this ?		the british military was still organised on an imperialist strategy of basing troops abroad rather than on a strategy of defending the uk itself against foreign attacks .		did he try to do anything outside the book to help his views ?		did peter tatchell try to do anything outside the democratic defense book to help his views ?
peter tatchell		democratic defence		what is the democratic defense ?		tatchell 's book		when was this book released ?		published in 1985 .		what was the book democratic defense about ?		this outlined how defence of the united kingdom might be assured after the nuclear disarmament that he and the labour party were then committed to .		what was his views and beliefs behind this ?		the british military was still organised on an imperialist strategy of basing troops abroad rather than on a strategy of defending the uk itself against foreign attacks .		did he try to do anything outside the book to help his views ?		citing the problems that the british army was facing in northern ireland , he argued that their long - established methods were ineffective against guerilla warfare .		what other things did he argue about ?		in addition to peter tatchell 's views on the defence of the uk and the inneffective methods of british army against guerrilla warfare in norther ireland , what other things did peter tatchell argue about ?
peter tatchell		democratic defence		what is the democratic defense ?		tatchell 's book		when was this book released ?		published in 1985 .		what was the book democratic defense about ?		this outlined how defence of the united kingdom might be assured after the nuclear disarmament that he and the labour party were then committed to .		what was his views and beliefs behind this ?		the british military was still organised on an imperialist strategy of basing troops abroad rather than on a strategy of defending the uk itself against foreign attacks .		did he try to do anything outside the book to help his views ?		citing the problems that the british army was facing in northern ireland , he argued that their long - established methods were ineffective against guerilla warfare .		what other things did he argue about ?		for a range of methods to liberalise the regime in the armed forces so that troops could be allowed to join trade unions and political parties ,		did he have any other views or other rights etc he argued for ?		along with peter tatchell 's thoughts about liberalising the regime in the armed forces to allow troups to join trade unions and political parties , did peter tatchell argue for any other views or other rights etc ?
peter tatchell		democratic defence		what is the democratic defense ?		tatchell 's book		when was this book released ?		published in 1985 .		what was the book democratic defense about ?		this outlined how defence of the united kingdom might be assured after the nuclear disarmament that he and the labour party were then committed to .		what was his views and beliefs behind this ?		the british military was still organised on an imperialist strategy of basing troops abroad rather than on a strategy of defending the uk itself against foreign attacks .		did he try to do anything outside the book to help his views ?		citing the problems that the british army was facing in northern ireland , he argued that their long - established methods were ineffective against guerilla warfare .		what other things did he argue about ?		for a range of methods to liberalise the regime in the armed forces so that troops could be allowed to join trade unions and political parties ,		did he have any other views or other rights etc he argued for ?		withdrawal from nato and for the establishment of a european self - defence organisation , independent of both the united states and the soviet union .		what was his views on the soviet union ?		what was peter tatchell 's views on the soviet union ?
peter tatchell		democratic defence		what is the democratic defense ?		tatchell 's book		when was this book released ?		published in 1985 .		what was the book democratic defense about ?		this outlined how defence of the united kingdom might be assured after the nuclear disarmament that he and the labour party were then committed to .		what was his views and beliefs behind this ?		the british military was still organised on an imperialist strategy of basing troops abroad rather than on a strategy of defending the uk itself against foreign attacks .		did he try to do anything outside the book to help his views ?		citing the problems that the british army was facing in northern ireland , he argued that their long - established methods were ineffective against guerilla warfare .		what other things did he argue about ?		for a range of methods to liberalise the regime in the armed forces so that troops could be allowed to join trade unions and political parties ,		did he have any other views or other rights etc he argued for ?		withdrawal from nato and for the establishment of a european self - defence organisation , independent of both the united states and the soviet union .		what was his views on the soviet union ?		he condemned the soviet union 's invasions of czechoslovakia and of afghanistan , as well as condemning its internal repression .		was there any other views he had in regards to them ?		other than peter tatchell condemned the soviet union 's invasions of czechoslovakia , afghanistan and its internal repression , was there any other views peter tatchell had in regards to soviet union ?
one ok rock		2007 - 09 : early releases and departure of onizawa		when did onizawa depart ?		when did onizawa depart from one ok rock ?
one ok rock		2007 - 09 : early releases and departure of onizawa		when did onizawa depart ?		in may 2009 , it was announced that one ok rock would continue on without alex , who went back to the united states .		why did he go back to the us ?		why did alex leave one ok rock and go back to the us ?
one ok rock		2007 - 09 : early releases and departure of onizawa		when did onizawa depart ?		in may 2009 , it was announced that one ok rock would continue on without alex , who went back to the united states .		why did he go back to the us ?		i do n't know .		who took his place ?		who took alex 's place in one ok rock ?
one ok rock		2007 - 09 : early releases and departure of onizawa		when did onizawa depart ?		in may 2009 , it was announced that one ok rock would continue on without alex , who went back to the united states .		why did he go back to the us ?		i do n't know .		who took his place ?		toru took his place as lead guitar , and the band re - arranged their songs to be played for one guitar .		what 's another release from 2007 - 2009 ?		what 's another release by one ok rock from 2007 - 2009 ?
one ok rock		2007 - 09 : early releases and departure of onizawa		when did onizawa depart ?		in may 2009 , it was announced that one ok rock would continue on without alex , who went back to the united states .		why did he go back to the us ?		i do n't know .		who took his place ?		toru took his place as lead guitar , and the band re - arranged their songs to be played for one guitar .		what 's another release from 2007 - 2009 ?		they released their second album beam of light in may 2008 .		how did that album do ?		how did one ok rock 's album beam of light do ?
one ok rock		2007 - 09 : early releases and departure of onizawa		when did onizawa depart ?		in may 2009 , it was announced that one ok rock would continue on without alex , who went back to the united states .		why did he go back to the us ?		i do n't know .		who took his place ?		toru took his place as lead guitar , and the band re - arranged their songs to be played for one guitar .		what 's another release from 2007 - 2009 ?		they released their second album beam of light in may 2008 .		how did that album do ?		i do n't know .		what type of music was beam of light ?		what type of music was beam of light by one ok rock ?
rufus wainwright		rise to fame , debut album		demo tapes were produced by who ?		wainwright 's demo tapes were produced by who ?
rufus wainwright		rise to fame , debut album		demo tapes were produced by who ?		waronker paired wainwright with producer jon brion , and the two spent most of 1996 and 1997 making the record .		wainwright was nominated for four awards by who ?		wainwright was nominated for four awards by who ?
rufus wainwright		rise to fame , debut album		demo tapes were produced by who ?		waronker paired wainwright with producer jon brion , and the two spent most of 1996 and 1997 making the record .		wainwright was nominated for four awards by who ?		wainwright was nominated for four awards by the gay & lesbian american music awards ,		rufus wainwright won what media award ?		rufus wainwright won what media award ?
rufus wainwright		rise to fame , debut album		demo tapes were produced by who ?		waronker paired wainwright with producer jon brion , and the two spent most of 1996 and 1997 making the record .		wainwright was nominated for four awards by who ?		wainwright was nominated for four awards by the gay & lesbian american music awards ,		rufus wainwright won what media award ?		rufus wainwright won a glaad media award for outstanding music album		in 1996 wainwright toured with who ?		in 1996 wainwright toured with who ?
rufus wainwright		rise to fame , debut album		demo tapes were produced by who ?		waronker paired wainwright with producer jon brion , and the two spent most of 1996 and 1997 making the record .		wainwright was nominated for four awards by who ?		wainwright was nominated for four awards by the gay & lesbian american music awards ,		rufus wainwright won what media award ?		rufus wainwright won a glaad media award for outstanding music album		in 1996 wainwright toured with who ?		wainwright toured the uk as " special guest " of kate & anna mcgarrigle .		in december of 1998 he appeared in what commercial ?		in december of 1998 wainwright appeared in what commercial ?
rufus wainwright		rise to fame , debut album		demo tapes were produced by who ?		waronker paired wainwright with producer jon brion , and the two spent most of 1996 and 1997 making the record .		wainwright was nominated for four awards by who ?		wainwright was nominated for four awards by the gay & lesbian american music awards ,		rufus wainwright won what media award ?		rufus wainwright won a glaad media award for outstanding music album		in 1996 wainwright toured with who ?		wainwright toured the uk as " special guest " of kate & anna mcgarrigle .		in december of 1998 he appeared in what commercial ?		in december 1998 , he appeared in a gap commercial		in that commercial what did he perform ?		in gap commercial what did wainwright perform ?
steve wynn		frontier and the golden nugget ( 1967 - 1989 )		is the frontier a property ?		is the frontier a property ?
steve wynn		frontier and the golden nugget ( 1967 - 1989 )		is the frontier a property ?		the frontier hotel and casino .		where was the frontier located ?		where was the frontier located ?
steve wynn		frontier and the golden nugget ( 1967 - 1989 )		is the frontier a property ?		the frontier hotel and casino .		where was the frontier located ?		las vegas		how much did it cost to build the frontier ?		how much money did steve wynn spend to build the frontier ?
steve wynn		frontier and the golden nugget ( 1967 - 1989 )		is the frontier a property ?		the frontier hotel and casino .		where was the frontier located ?		las vegas		how much did it cost to build the frontier ?		i do n't know .		was the golden nugget a casino ?		was the golden nugget a casino ?
steve wynn		frontier and the golden nugget ( 1967 - 1989 )		is the frontier a property ?		the frontier hotel and casino .		where was the frontier located ?		las vegas		how much did it cost to build the frontier ?		i do n't know .		was the golden nugget a casino ?		the golden nugget las vegas , a landmark downtown casino and one of the oldest casinos in the city .		are theses properties still standing ?		are the frontier and the golden nugget properties still standing ?
steve wynn		frontier and the golden nugget ( 1967 - 1989 )		is the frontier a property ?		the frontier hotel and casino .		where was the frontier located ?		las vegas		how much did it cost to build the frontier ?		i do n't know .		was the golden nugget a casino ?		the golden nugget las vegas , a landmark downtown casino and one of the oldest casinos in the city .		are theses properties still standing ?		i do n't know .		what are some other facts about these properties ?		besides their history , what are some other facts about the frontier and the golden nugget ?
steve wynn		frontier and the golden nugget ( 1967 - 1989 )		is the frontier a property ?		the frontier hotel and casino .		where was the frontier located ?		las vegas		how much did it cost to build the frontier ?		i do n't know .		was the golden nugget a casino ?		the golden nugget las vegas , a landmark downtown casino and one of the oldest casinos in the city .		are theses properties still standing ?		i do n't know .		what are some other facts about these properties ?		his company stake increased so that , in 1973 , he became the majority shareholder , and the youngest casino owner in las vegas .		did he build anything else during this time period ?		did steve wynn build anything else besides frontier and the golden nugget between 1967 and 1989 ? ?
cheri honkala		criticism		what is something she was criticised for ?		what is something cheri honkala was criticised for ?
cheri honkala		criticism		what is something she was criticised for ?		honkala has been a controversial figure throughout her career as a protester and organizer .		what caused the controversary ?		what caused the controversy around cheri honkala 's career as a protester and organizer ?
cheri honkala		criticism		what is something she was criticised for ?		honkala has been a controversial figure throughout her career as a protester and organizer .		what caused the controversary ?		said " she has not been working , rolling up her sleeves on issues like community legal services does . she has never availed herself [ of ] that opportunity ,		what was she accused of doing ?		what was cheri honkala accused of doing ?
cheri honkala		criticism		what is something she was criticised for ?		honkala has been a controversial figure throughout her career as a protester and organizer .		what caused the controversary ?		said " she has not been working , rolling up her sleeves on issues like community legal services does . she has never availed herself [ of ] that opportunity ,		what was she accused of doing ?		the group was actually preventing its poor followers from obtaining housing through its tactic		what was the tactic they used ?		what was the tactic cheri honkala 's group used to prevent poor followers from obtaining housing ?
cheri honkala		criticism		what is something she was criticised for ?		honkala has been a controversial figure throughout her career as a protester and organizer .		what caused the controversary ?		said " she has not been working , rolling up her sleeves on issues like community legal services does . she has never availed herself [ of ] that opportunity ,		what was she accused of doing ?		the group was actually preventing its poor followers from obtaining housing through its tactic		what was the tactic they used ?		of breaking into vacant homes , rather than utilizing established organizations . he wrote : " no good can come of		when did this occur ?		when did the cheri honkala controversy occur ?
cheri honkala		criticism		what is something she was criticised for ?		honkala has been a controversial figure throughout her career as a protester and organizer .		what caused the controversary ?		said " she has not been working , rolling up her sleeves on issues like community legal services does . she has never availed herself [ of ] that opportunity ,		what was she accused of doing ?		the group was actually preventing its poor followers from obtaining housing through its tactic		what was the tactic they used ?		of breaking into vacant homes , rather than utilizing established organizations . he wrote : " no good can come of		when did this occur ?		i do n't know .		what were they going to do with the homes ?		what was cheri honkala 's group going to do with the homes ?
cheri honkala		criticism		what is something she was criticised for ?		honkala has been a controversial figure throughout her career as a protester and organizer .		what caused the controversary ?		said " she has not been working , rolling up her sleeves on issues like community legal services does . she has never availed herself [ of ] that opportunity ,		what was she accused of doing ?		the group was actually preventing its poor followers from obtaining housing through its tactic		what was the tactic they used ?		of breaking into vacant homes , rather than utilizing established organizations . he wrote : " no good can come of		when did this occur ?		i do n't know .		what were they going to do with the homes ?		i do n't know .		what did people think regarding this ?		what did people think regarding cheri honkala 's controversy ?
cheri honkala		criticism		what is something she was criticised for ?		honkala has been a controversial figure throughout her career as a protester and organizer .		what caused the controversary ?		said " she has not been working , rolling up her sleeves on issues like community legal services does . she has never availed herself [ of ] that opportunity ,		what was she accused of doing ?		the group was actually preventing its poor followers from obtaining housing through its tactic		what was the tactic they used ?		of breaking into vacant homes , rather than utilizing established organizations . he wrote : " no good can come of		when did this occur ?		i do n't know .		what were they going to do with the homes ?		i do n't know .		what did people think regarding this ?		honkala added : " i get criticized on a regular basis for not being a team player . but i have no qualms about holding a protest tomorrow		who else was involved in this controversary ?		besides cheri honkala , who else was involved in the controversy ?
cheri honkala		criticism		what is something she was criticised for ?		honkala has been a controversial figure throughout her career as a protester and organizer .		what caused the controversary ?		said " she has not been working , rolling up her sleeves on issues like community legal services does . she has never availed herself [ of ] that opportunity ,		what was she accused of doing ?		the group was actually preventing its poor followers from obtaining housing through its tactic		what was the tactic they used ?		of breaking into vacant homes , rather than utilizing established organizations . he wrote : " no good can come of		when did this occur ?		i do n't know .		what were they going to do with the homes ?		i do n't know .		what did people think regarding this ?		honkala added : " i get criticized on a regular basis for not being a team player . but i have no qualms about holding a protest tomorrow		who else was involved in this controversary ?		i do n't know .		what is an interesting fact regarding this criticism ?		what is an interesting fact regarding the criticism of cheri honkala ?
cheri honkala		criticism		what is something she was criticised for ?		honkala has been a controversial figure throughout her career as a protester and organizer .		what caused the controversary ?		said " she has not been working , rolling up her sleeves on issues like community legal services does . she has never availed herself [ of ] that opportunity ,		what was she accused of doing ?		the group was actually preventing its poor followers from obtaining housing through its tactic		what was the tactic they used ?		of breaking into vacant homes , rather than utilizing established organizations . he wrote : " no good can come of		when did this occur ?		i do n't know .		what were they going to do with the homes ?		i do n't know .		what did people think regarding this ?		honkala added : " i get criticized on a regular basis for not being a team player . but i have no qualms about holding a protest tomorrow		who else was involved in this controversary ?		i do n't know .		what is an interesting fact regarding this criticism ?		cheri loved to make people uncomfortable ... she wanted people to squirm and recoil when they saw poor people .		in what ways did she do this ?		in what ways did cheri honkala make people uncomfortable ?
cheri honkala		criticism		what is something she was criticised for ?		honkala has been a controversial figure throughout her career as a protester and organizer .		what caused the controversary ?		said " she has not been working , rolling up her sleeves on issues like community legal services does . she has never availed herself [ of ] that opportunity ,		what was she accused of doing ?		the group was actually preventing its poor followers from obtaining housing through its tactic		what was the tactic they used ?		of breaking into vacant homes , rather than utilizing established organizations . he wrote : " no good can come of		when did this occur ?		i do n't know .		what were they going to do with the homes ?		i do n't know .		what did people think regarding this ?		honkala added : " i get criticized on a regular basis for not being a team player . but i have no qualms about holding a protest tomorrow		who else was involved in this controversary ?		i do n't know .		what is an interesting fact regarding this criticism ?		cheri loved to make people uncomfortable ... she wanted people to squirm and recoil when they saw poor people .		in what ways did she do this ?		she would assault people with her high - pitched nasal voice -- in public demonstrations , in confrontations with elected officials , in media interviews ,		what other tactics did she use ?		besides assaulting people with her voice , what other tactics did cheri honkala use ?
cheri honkala		criticism		what is something she was criticised for ?		honkala has been a controversial figure throughout her career as a protester and organizer .		what caused the controversary ?		said " she has not been working , rolling up her sleeves on issues like community legal services does . she has never availed herself [ of ] that opportunity ,		what was she accused of doing ?		the group was actually preventing its poor followers from obtaining housing through its tactic		what was the tactic they used ?		of breaking into vacant homes , rather than utilizing established organizations . he wrote : " no good can come of		when did this occur ?		i do n't know .		what were they going to do with the homes ?		i do n't know .		what did people think regarding this ?		honkala added : " i get criticized on a regular basis for not being a team player . but i have no qualms about holding a protest tomorrow		who else was involved in this controversary ?		i do n't know .		what is an interesting fact regarding this criticism ?		cheri loved to make people uncomfortable ... she wanted people to squirm and recoil when they saw poor people .		in what ways did she do this ?		she would assault people with her high - pitched nasal voice -- in public demonstrations , in confrontations with elected officials , in media interviews ,		what other tactics did she use ?		zucchino in his book details many confrontations between honkala and the authorities , but also		was she ever able to help anyone ?		was cheri honkala ever able to help anyone ?
sun yat - sen		religious views and christian baptism		what religion was sun born with ?		what religion was sun yat - sen born with ?
sun yat - sen		religious views and christian baptism		what religion was sun born with ?		i do n't know .		did the article say why he was interested in christianity ?		did the article say why sun yat - sen was interested in christianity ?
sun yat - sen		religious views and christian baptism		what religion was sun born with ?		i do n't know .		did the article say why he was interested in christianity ?		schriffin writes that christianity was to have a great influence on sun 's whole future political life .		is there any other data on his religious views ?		other than being interested in christianity , is there any other data on sun yat - sen 's religious views ?
sun yat - sen		religious views and christian baptism		what religion was sun born with ?		i do n't know .		did the article say why he was interested in christianity ?		schriffin writes that christianity was to have a great influence on sun 's whole future political life .		is there any other data on his religious views ?		schriffin writes that christianity was to have a great influence on sun 's whole future political life .		how did his views on christianity affect his politics ?		how did sun yat - sen 's views on christianity affect sun yat - sen 's politics ?
sun yat - sen		religious views and christian baptism		what religion was sun born with ?		i do n't know .		did the article say why he was interested in christianity ?		schriffin writes that christianity was to have a great influence on sun 's whole future political life .		is there any other data on his religious views ?		schriffin writes that christianity was to have a great influence on sun 's whole future political life .		how did his views on christianity affect his politics ?		sun came into contact with the teachings of the baha'i faith , expressing his appreciation for the cause and declaring it " highly relevant to the needs of china . "		was he ever baptized ?		was sun yat - sen ever baptized ?
sun yat - sen		religious views and christian baptism		what religion was sun born with ?		i do n't know .		did the article say why he was interested in christianity ?		schriffin writes that christianity was to have a great influence on sun 's whole future political life .		is there any other data on his religious views ?		schriffin writes that christianity was to have a great influence on sun 's whole future political life .		how did his views on christianity affect his politics ?		sun came into contact with the teachings of the baha'i faith , expressing his appreciation for the cause and declaring it " highly relevant to the needs of china . "		was he ever baptized ?		sun was later baptized in hong kong ( on may 4 , 1884 )		who baptized him ?		who baptized sun yat - sen ?
sun yat - sen		education years		when did he start his education ?		when did sun yat - sen start his education ?
sun yat - sen		education years		when did he start his education ?		at the age of 10 , sun yat - sen began seeking schooling .		where did he go to school ?		where did sun yat - sen go to school ?
sun yat - sen		education years		when did he start his education ?		at the age of 10 , sun yat - sen began seeking schooling .		where did he go to school ?		sun yat - sen went to ` iolani school		what did he learn at school ?		what did sun yat - sen learn at the ` iolani school ?
sun yat - sen		education years		when did he start his education ?		at the age of 10 , sun yat - sen began seeking schooling .		where did he go to school ?		sun yat - sen went to ` iolani school		what did he learn at school ?		he studied english , british history , mathematics , science , and christianity .		did he study anything else ?		did sun yat - sen study anything else , aside from english , british history , mathematics , science , and christianity ?
sun yat - sen		education years		when did he start his education ?		at the age of 10 , sun yat - sen began seeking schooling .		where did he go to school ?		sun yat - sen went to ` iolani school		what did he learn at school ?		he studied english , british history , mathematics , science , and christianity .		did he study anything else ?		i do n't know .		did sun have any accomplishments in school ?		did sun yat - sen have any accomplishments in the ` iolani school ?
sun yat - sen		education years		when did he start his education ?		at the age of 10 , sun yat - sen began seeking schooling .		where did he go to school ?		sun yat - sen went to ` iolani school		what did he learn at school ?		he studied english , british history , mathematics , science , and christianity .		did he study anything else ?		i do n't know .		did sun have any accomplishments in school ?		ultimately , he earned the license of christian practice as a medical doctor		did he go to college ?		did sun yat - sen go to college ?
joey yung		2007 - 2009 : close up , insignificant me , glow , a time for us , very busy , and tenth anniversary		what are the song she released in this years ?		what are the songs joey yung released in 2007 - 2009 ?
joey yung		2007 - 2009 : close up , insignificant me , glow , a time for us , very busy , and tenth anniversary		what are the song she released in this years ?		at the end of 2006 , yung released the cantonese album close up to commercial success ,		what other albums she had ?		what albums aside from close up did yung have ?
joey yung		2007 - 2009 : close up , insignificant me , glow , a time for us , very busy , and tenth anniversary		what are the song she released in this years ?		at the end of 2006 , yung released the cantonese album close up to commercial success ,		what other albums she had ?		a second version of the album was released on 26 january 2007 ,		did she won any awards ?		did yung win any awards ?
joey yung		2007 - 2009 : close up , insignificant me , glow , a time for us , very busy , and tenth anniversary		what are the song she released in this years ?		at the end of 2006 , yung released the cantonese album close up to commercial success ,		what other albums she had ?		a second version of the album was released on 26 january 2007 ,		did she won any awards ?		towards the end of the year , yung performed at the concert music is live with mobile chan , and won the media award for the third time		did his album make hits ?		did yung 's album make hits ?
joey yung		2007 - 2009 : close up , insignificant me , glow , a time for us , very busy , and tenth anniversary		what are the song she released in this years ?		at the end of 2006 , yung released the cantonese album close up to commercial success ,		what other albums she had ?		a second version of the album was released on 26 january 2007 ,		did she won any awards ?		towards the end of the year , yung performed at the concert music is live with mobile chan , and won the media award for the third time		did his album make hits ?		minutes . the " perfect ten live boxset " was released in two versions in december :		what happen in 2009 ?		what happened to yung in 2009 ?
joey yung		2007 - 2009 : close up , insignificant me , glow , a time for us , very busy , and tenth anniversary		what are the song she released in this years ?		at the end of 2006 , yung released the cantonese album close up to commercial success ,		what other albums she had ?		a second version of the album was released on 26 january 2007 ,		did she won any awards ?		towards the end of the year , yung performed at the concert music is live with mobile chan , and won the media award for the third time		did his album make hits ?		minutes . the " perfect ten live boxset " was released in two versions in december :		what happen in 2009 ?		the year 2009 marked the tenth anniversary of yung 's career with eeg .		was it a hit in the market ?		was yung a hit in the market ?
joey yung		2007 - 2009 : close up , insignificant me , glow , a time for us , very busy , and tenth anniversary		what are the song she released in this years ?		at the end of 2006 , yung released the cantonese album close up to commercial success ,		what other albums she had ?		a second version of the album was released on 26 january 2007 ,		did she won any awards ?		towards the end of the year , yung performed at the concert music is live with mobile chan , and won the media award for the third time		did his album make hits ?		minutes . the " perfect ten live boxset " was released in two versions in december :		what happen in 2009 ?		the year 2009 marked the tenth anniversary of yung 's career with eeg .		was it a hit in the market ?		to celebrate the occasion , two albums ( a time for us and very busy ) and a documentary were released and a mini - concert		what is glow ?		what is yung 's album glow ?
joey yung		2007 - 2009 : close up , insignificant me , glow , a time for us , very busy , and tenth anniversary		what are the song she released in this years ?		at the end of 2006 , yung released the cantonese album close up to commercial success ,		what other albums she had ?		a second version of the album was released on 26 january 2007 ,		did she won any awards ?		towards the end of the year , yung performed at the concert music is live with mobile chan , and won the media award for the third time		did his album make hits ?		minutes . the " perfect ten live boxset " was released in two versions in december :		what happen in 2009 ?		the year 2009 marked the tenth anniversary of yung 's career with eeg .		was it a hit in the market ?		to celebrate the occasion , two albums ( a time for us and very busy ) and a documentary were released and a mini - concert		what is glow ?		on 7 november , she released another album , glow .		was up , insignificant went to top chart hits ?		was up , insignificant go to the top chart hits ?
joey yung		2007 - 2009 : close up , insignificant me , glow , a time for us , very busy , and tenth anniversary		what are the song she released in this years ?		at the end of 2006 , yung released the cantonese album close up to commercial success ,		what other albums she had ?		a second version of the album was released on 26 january 2007 ,		did she won any awards ?		towards the end of the year , yung performed at the concert music is live with mobile chan , and won the media award for the third time		did his album make hits ?		minutes . the " perfect ten live boxset " was released in two versions in december :		what happen in 2009 ?		the year 2009 marked the tenth anniversary of yung 's career with eeg .		was it a hit in the market ?		to celebrate the occasion , two albums ( a time for us and very busy ) and a documentary were released and a mini - concert		what is glow ?		on 7 november , she released another album , glow .		was up , insignificant went to top chart hits ?		i do n't know .		how about time for us and very busy are they on top hits ?		how about time for us and very busy , are yung 's songs on top hits ?
joey yung		2004 - 2006 : nin9 2 5ive , give love a break , bi - heart , ten most wanted , and jump up - 9492		what happened in 2004 ?		what happened in 2004 ?
joey yung		2004 - 2006 : nin9 2 5ive , give love a break , bi - heart , ten most wanted , and jump up - 9492		what happened in 2004 ?		2004 , yung released her the studio album nin9 2 5ive and her first photo album the real joey , glamour in london .		was the album successful ?		was the real joey successful ?
joey yung		2004 - 2006 : nin9 2 5ive , give love a break , bi - heart , ten most wanted , and jump up - 9492		what happened in 2004 ?		2004 , yung released her the studio album nin9 2 5ive and her first photo album the real joey , glamour in london .		was the album successful ?		the photo album was well received by the public and sold out shortly after its release .		did the album have any hit singles ?		did the real joey have any hit singles ?
joey yung		2004 - 2006 : nin9 2 5ive , give love a break , bi - heart , ten most wanted , and jump up - 9492		what happened in 2004 ?		2004 , yung released her the studio album nin9 2 5ive and her first photo album the real joey , glamour in london .		was the album successful ?		the photo album was well received by the public and sold out shortly after its release .		did the album have any hit singles ?		i do n't know .		what was give love a break ?		what was give love a break ?
joey yung		2004 - 2006 : nin9 2 5ive , give love a break , bi - heart , ten most wanted , and jump up - 9492		what happened in 2004 ?		2004 , yung released her the studio album nin9 2 5ive and her first photo album the real joey , glamour in london .		was the album successful ?		the photo album was well received by the public and sold out shortly after its release .		did the album have any hit singles ?		i do n't know .		what was give love a break ?		give love a break , was also a commercial success ,		what was bi - heart ?		what was bi - heart ?
joey yung		2004 - 2006 : nin9 2 5ive , give love a break , bi - heart , ten most wanted , and jump up - 9492		what happened in 2004 ?		2004 , yung released her the studio album nin9 2 5ive and her first photo album the real joey , glamour in london .		was the album successful ?		the photo album was well received by the public and sold out shortly after its release .		did the album have any hit singles ?		i do n't know .		what was give love a break ?		give love a break , was also a commercial success ,		what was bi - heart ?		yung released her third compilation album , love joey 3 , as well as a new cantonese studio album , bi - heart .		was that album successful ?		was love joey 3 successful ?
joey yung		2004 - 2006 : nin9 2 5ive , give love a break , bi - heart , ten most wanted , and jump up - 9492		what happened in 2004 ?		2004 , yung released her the studio album nin9 2 5ive and her first photo album the real joey , glamour in london .		was the album successful ?		the photo album was well received by the public and sold out shortly after its release .		did the album have any hit singles ?		i do n't know .		what was give love a break ?		give love a break , was also a commercial success ,		what was bi - heart ?		yung released her third compilation album , love joey 3 , as well as a new cantonese studio album , bi - heart .		was that album successful ?		following the success of the concert , its cd / vcd / dvd was certified triple platinum , selling 120,000 copies ,		what was the ten most wanted ?		what was the ten most wanted ?
joey yung		2004 - 2006 : nin9 2 5ive , give love a break , bi - heart , ten most wanted , and jump up - 9492		what happened in 2004 ?		2004 , yung released her the studio album nin9 2 5ive and her first photo album the real joey , glamour in london .		was the album successful ?		the photo album was well received by the public and sold out shortly after its release .		did the album have any hit singles ?		i do n't know .		what was give love a break ?		give love a break , was also a commercial success ,		what was bi - heart ?		yung released her third compilation album , love joey 3 , as well as a new cantonese studio album , bi - heart .		was that album successful ?		following the success of the concert , its cd / vcd / dvd was certified triple platinum , selling 120,000 copies ,		what was the ten most wanted ?		on 27 february 2006 , yung released her tenth cantonese studio album , ten most wanted .		was this successful ?		was the ten most successful ?
joey yung		2004 - 2006 : nin9 2 5ive , give love a break , bi - heart , ten most wanted , and jump up - 9492		what happened in 2004 ?		2004 , yung released her the studio album nin9 2 5ive and her first photo album the real joey , glamour in london .		was the album successful ?		the photo album was well received by the public and sold out shortly after its release .		did the album have any hit singles ?		i do n't know .		what was give love a break ?		give love a break , was also a commercial success ,		what was bi - heart ?		yung released her third compilation album , love joey 3 , as well as a new cantonese studio album , bi - heart .		was that album successful ?		following the success of the concert , its cd / vcd / dvd was certified triple platinum , selling 120,000 copies ,		what was the ten most wanted ?		on 27 february 2006 , yung released her tenth cantonese studio album , ten most wanted .		was this successful ?		i do n't know .		what about jump up ?		what about jump up ?
michael savage		msnbc television show		when did michael work with msnbc ?		when did michael savage work with msnbc ?
michael savage		msnbc television show		when did michael work with msnbc ?		savage was hired by msnbc president erik sorenson to do a one - hour show beginning march 8 , 2003 ,		did the show ever air on tv ?		did the show michael savage was hired for ever air on tv ?
michael savage		msnbc television show		when did michael work with msnbc ?		savage was hired by msnbc president erik sorenson to do a one - hour show beginning march 8 , 2003 ,		did the show ever air on tv ?		savage was fired from his msnbc television show		why did they fire savage ?		why did msnbc fire michael savage
michael savage		msnbc television show		when did michael work with msnbc ?		savage was hired by msnbc president erik sorenson to do a one - hour show beginning march 8 , 2003 ,		did the show ever air on tv ?		savage was fired from his msnbc television show		why did they fire savage ?		remarks made in response to a caller , later identified as prank caller bob foster ,		are there other reasons he was fired ?		other than remarks made in response to a caller , are there other reasons michael savage was fired ?
michael savage		msnbc television show		when did michael work with msnbc ?		savage was hired by msnbc president erik sorenson to do a one - hour show beginning march 8 , 2003 ,		did the show ever air on tv ?		savage was fired from his msnbc television show		why did they fire savage ?		remarks made in response to a caller , later identified as prank caller bob foster ,		are there other reasons he was fired ?		savage then asked if foster was a " sodomite " , to which the caller answered , " yes , i am .		did he say other rude things to people ?		besides asking bob foster if he was a " sodomite " , did michael savage say other rude things to callers ?
michael savage		msnbc television show		when did michael work with msnbc ?		savage was hired by msnbc president erik sorenson to do a one - hour show beginning march 8 , 2003 ,		did the show ever air on tv ?		savage was fired from his msnbc television show		why did they fire savage ?		remarks made in response to a caller , later identified as prank caller bob foster ,		are there other reasons he was fired ?		savage then asked if foster was a " sodomite " , to which the caller answered , " yes , i am .		did he say other rude things to people ?		oh , so you 're one of those sodomites . you should only get aids and die , you pig ; how 's that ? why do n't you see if you can sue me , you pig ?		did he ever go back to tv or another job ?		did michael savage ever go back to tv or another job ?
andrew cuomo		women 's issues		what was andrew cuomo 's stance on women 's issues ?		what was andrew cuomo 's stance on women 's issues ?
andrew cuomo		women 's issues		what was andrew cuomo 's stance on women 's issues ?		in 2013 , cuomo called for the passage of a women 's equality act .		what was the women 's equality act ?		what was the women 's equality act ?
andrew cuomo		women 's issues		what was andrew cuomo 's stance on women 's issues ?		in 2013 , cuomo called for the passage of a women 's equality act .		what was the women 's equality act ?		the women 's equality act included 10 component bills affecting issues such as domestic violence , human trafficking , and pregnancy discrimination .		did he enact any other acts for women 's issues ?		other than women 's equality act did cuomo enact any other acts for women 's issues ?
andrew cuomo		women 's issues		what was andrew cuomo 's stance on women 's issues ?		in 2013 , cuomo called for the passage of a women 's equality act .		what was the women 's equality act ?		the women 's equality act included 10 component bills affecting issues such as domestic violence , human trafficking , and pregnancy discrimination .		did he enact any other acts for women 's issues ?		" enact a reproductive health act because it is her body , it is her choice . because it 's her body , it 's her choice .		what year did he enact the reproductive health act ?		what year did cuomo enact the reproductive health act ?
abenaki		fiction		were there novels written about them		were there novels written about abenaki ?
abenaki		fiction		were there novels written about them		lydia maria child wrote of the abenaki in her short story , "		what was the name of the short story		what was the name of the short story about abenaki by lydia ?
abenaki		fiction		were there novels written about them		lydia maria child wrote of the abenaki in her short story , "		what was the name of the short story		" the church in the wilderness		what was the story about		what was the church in the wilderness about ?
abenaki		fiction		were there novels written about them		lydia maria child wrote of the abenaki in her short story , "		what was the name of the short story		" the church in the wilderness		what was the story about		about their 18th - century culture		was the story well known		was the church in the wilderness well known ?
abenaki		fiction		were there novels written about them		lydia maria child wrote of the abenaki in her short story , "		what was the name of the short story		" the church in the wilderness		what was the story about		about their 18th - century culture		was the story well known		i do n't know .		what writers were involved		what writers were involved in the church in the wilderness ?
abenaki		fiction		were there novels written about them		lydia maria child wrote of the abenaki in her short story , "		what was the name of the short story		" the church in the wilderness		what was the story about		about their 18th - century culture		was the story well known		i do n't know .		what writers were involved		documents from abenakis and their ancestors .		what else is important about the story		besides the church in the wilderness , what else is important about abenaki ?
abenaki		fiction		were there novels written about them		lydia maria child wrote of the abenaki in her short story , "		what was the name of the short story		" the church in the wilderness		what was the story about		about their 18th - century culture		was the story well known		i do n't know .		what writers were involved		documents from abenakis and their ancestors .		what else is important about the story		the abenaki are featured in charles mccarry 's historical novel		what novel is that		what novel is written by charles about abenaki ?
abenaki		fiction		were there novels written about them		lydia maria child wrote of the abenaki in her short story , "		what was the name of the short story		" the church in the wilderness		what was the story about		about their 18th - century culture		was the story well known		i do n't know .		what writers were involved		documents from abenakis and their ancestors .		what else is important about the story		the abenaki are featured in charles mccarry 's historical novel		what novel is that		bride of the wilderness ( 1988 ) , and james archibald houston 's novel ghost fox ( 1977 ) ,		what was bride of the wilderness about		what was bride of the wilderness about ?
abenaki		fiction		were there novels written about them		lydia maria child wrote of the abenaki in her short story , "		what was the name of the short story		" the church in the wilderness		what was the story about		about their 18th - century culture		was the story well known		i do n't know .		what writers were involved		documents from abenakis and their ancestors .		what else is important about the story		the abenaki are featured in charles mccarry 's historical novel		what novel is that		bride of the wilderness ( 1988 ) , and james archibald houston 's novel ghost fox ( 1977 ) ,		what was bride of the wilderness about		i do n't know .		were the books popular		were charles mccarry 's books popular ?
abenaki		fiction		were there novels written about them		lydia maria child wrote of the abenaki in her short story , "		what was the name of the short story		" the church in the wilderness		what was the story about		about their 18th - century culture		was the story well known		i do n't know .		what writers were involved		documents from abenakis and their ancestors .		what else is important about the story		the abenaki are featured in charles mccarry 's historical novel		what novel is that		bride of the wilderness ( 1988 ) , and james archibald houston 's novel ghost fox ( 1977 ) ,		what was bride of the wilderness about		i do n't know .		were the books popular		i do n't know .		is there anything interesting to know about the books		is there anything interesting to know about charles mccarry 's books
abenaki		fiction		were there novels written about them		lydia maria child wrote of the abenaki in her short story , "		what was the name of the short story		" the church in the wilderness		what was the story about		about their 18th - century culture		was the story well known		i do n't know .		what writers were involved		documents from abenakis and their ancestors .		what else is important about the story		the abenaki are featured in charles mccarry 's historical novel		what novel is that		bride of the wilderness ( 1988 ) , and james archibald houston 's novel ghost fox ( 1977 ) ,		what was bride of the wilderness about		i do n't know .		were the books popular		i do n't know .		is there anything interesting to know about the books		books for younger readers		the books were for children to learn from ?		charles mccarry 's books were for children to learn from ?
the master ( doctor who )		encounters with the third doctor		what is encounters with the third doctor ?		what is encounters with the third doctor ?
the master ( doctor who )		encounters with the third doctor		what is encounters with the third doctor ?		the third doctor ( jon pertwee ) convinces the master to stop this plan at the last minute ,		who encounters the third doctor ?		who encounters the third doctor ?
the master ( doctor who )		encounters with the third doctor		what is encounters with the third doctor ?		the third doctor ( jon pertwee ) convinces the master to stop this plan at the last minute ,		who encounters the third doctor ?		i do n't know .		who is the master ?		who is the master in encounters with the third doctor ?
the master ( doctor who )		encounters with the third doctor		what is encounters with the third doctor ?		the third doctor ( jon pertwee ) convinces the master to stop this plan at the last minute ,		who encounters the third doctor ?		i do n't know .		who is the master ?		the master , played by roger delgado ,		is there anything interesting about this article ?		is there anything interesting about this article , encounters with the third doctor ?
the master ( doctor who )		encounters with the third doctor		what is encounters with the third doctor ?		the third doctor ( jon pertwee ) convinces the master to stop this plan at the last minute ,		who encounters the third doctor ?		i do n't know .		who is the master ?		the master , played by roger delgado ,		is there anything interesting about this article ?		in the sea devils ( 1972 ) , the master is shown to be imprisoned on an island prison off the coast of england .		why is he imprisoned ?		why is the master imprisoned in encounters with the third doctor ?
the master ( doctor who )		encounters with the third doctor		what is encounters with the third doctor ?		the third doctor ( jon pertwee ) convinces the master to stop this plan at the last minute ,		who encounters the third doctor ?		i do n't know .		who is the master ?		the master , played by roger delgado ,		is there anything interesting about this article ?		in the sea devils ( 1972 ) , the master is shown to be imprisoned on an island prison off the coast of england .		why is he imprisoned ?		he convinces the governor of the prison , colonel trenchard ( clive morton ) , to help him steal electronics from		who does he steal electronics from ?		who does the master steal electronics from ?
lillian moller gilbreth		domestic management and home economics		can you provide some information on domestic management ?		can you provide some information on domestic management by lillian moller gilbreth ?
lillian moller gilbreth		domestic management and home economics		can you provide some information on domestic management ?		gilbreth shifted her efforts toward research projects in the female - friendly arena of domestic management and home economics .		what was domestic management about ?		what was domestic management by lillian moller gilbreth about ?
lillian moller gilbreth		domestic management and home economics		can you provide some information on domestic management ?		gilbreth shifted her efforts toward research projects in the female - friendly arena of domestic management and home economics .		what was domestic management about ?		gilbreth shifted her efforts toward research projects in the female - friendly arena of domestic management and home economics .		what 's some important information regarding this ?		what 's some important information regarding domestic management and home economics ?
lillian moller gilbreth		domestic management and home economics		can you provide some information on domestic management ?		gilbreth shifted her efforts toward research projects in the female - friendly arena of domestic management and home economics .		what was domestic management about ?		gilbreth shifted her efforts toward research projects in the female - friendly arena of domestic management and home economics .		what 's some important information regarding this ?		in addition , gilbreth was instrumental in the development of the modern kitchen , creating the " work triangle " and linear - kitchen layouts that are often used today .		how successful was she in her career ?		how successful was lillian moller gilbreth in her career ?
jon miller		commentating style		do people like jon commenting style ?		do people like jon millers commenting style ?
jon miller		commentating style		do people like jon commenting style ?		he livens up many broadcasts with a few hawaiian and japanese phrases spoken with impeccable pronunciation ,		who has jon commented for ?		who has jon miller commented for ?
jon miller		commentating style		do people like jon commenting style ?		he livens up many broadcasts with a few hawaiian and japanese phrases spoken with impeccable pronunciation ,		who has jon commented for ?		he would use similar terminology for his sunday night baseball telecasts on espn ( " your sunday night telecasters " ) and his world series broadcasts for espn radio		who has jon commented with ?		who has jon miller commented with ?
jon miller		commentating style		do people like jon commenting style ?		he livens up many broadcasts with a few hawaiian and japanese phrases spoken with impeccable pronunciation ,		who has jon commented for ?		he would use similar terminology for his sunday night baseball telecasts on espn ( " your sunday night telecasters " ) and his world series broadcasts for espn radio		who has jon commented with ?		mike krukow		which game has jon commented in ?		which game has jon miller commented in ?
jon miller		commentating style		do people like jon commenting style ?		he livens up many broadcasts with a few hawaiian and japanese phrases spoken with impeccable pronunciation ,		who has jon commented for ?		he would use similar terminology for his sunday night baseball telecasts on espn ( " your sunday night telecasters " ) and his world series broadcasts for espn radio		who has jon commented with ?		mike krukow		which game has jon commented in ?		sunday night baseball		what mistake has he made when commenting ?		what mistake has jon miller made when commenting ?
jon miller		commentating style		do people like jon commenting style ?		he livens up many broadcasts with a few hawaiian and japanese phrases spoken with impeccable pronunciation ,		who has jon commented for ?		he would use similar terminology for his sunday night baseball telecasts on espn ( " your sunday night telecasters " ) and his world series broadcasts for espn radio		who has jon commented with ?		mike krukow		which game has jon commented in ?		sunday night baseball		what mistake has he made when commenting ?		i do n't know .		any intresting thing about the article		any interesting thing about the article on jon miller ?
jon miller		san francisco giants		what did john miller do with the giants ?		what was john miller 's job with the san francisco giants ?
jon miller		san francisco giants		what did john miller do with the giants ?		miller has been the primary play - by - play voice of the san francisco giants		when did he start working with the giants ?		when did john miller start working with the san francisco giants ?
jon miller		san francisco giants		what did john miller do with the giants ?		miller has been the primary play - by - play voice of the san francisco giants		when did he start working with the giants ?		since 1997 ,		how many seasons did he work with the giants ?		how many seasons did john miller work with the san francisco giants ?
jon miller		san francisco giants		what did john miller do with the giants ?		miller has been the primary play - by - play voice of the san francisco giants		when did he start working with the giants ?		since 1997 ,		how many seasons did he work with the giants ?		in february 2007 , he signed a six - year extension to remain the voice of the giants through the 2012 season .		what is his contract with the giants worth ?		what is john miller 's six year extension contract with the san francisco giants worth ?
jon miller		san francisco giants		what did john miller do with the giants ?		miller has been the primary play - by - play voice of the san francisco giants		when did he start working with the giants ?		since 1997 ,		how many seasons did he work with the giants ?		in february 2007 , he signed a six - year extension to remain the voice of the giants through the 2012 season .		what is his contract with the giants worth ?		i do n't know .		has he worked for other baseball teams ?		other than the san francisco giants , has john miller worked for other baseball teams ?
jon miller		san francisco giants		what did john miller do with the giants ?		miller has been the primary play - by - play voice of the san francisco giants		when did he start working with the giants ?		since 1997 ,		how many seasons did he work with the giants ?		in february 2007 , he signed a six - year extension to remain the voice of the giants through the 2012 season .		what is his contract with the giants worth ?		i do n't know .		has he worked for other baseball teams ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than john miller 's contract with the san francisco giants , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
bing crosby		motion pictures		what motion pictures did crosby star in ?		what motion pictures did bing crosby star in ?
bing crosby		motion pictures		what motion pictures did crosby star in ?		crosby starred with bob hope and dorothy lamour in seven road to musical comedies between 1940 and 1962 ,		who were some of his co - stars ?		who were some of bing crosby 's co - stars ?
bing crosby		motion pictures		what motion pictures did crosby star in ?		crosby starred with bob hope and dorothy lamour in seven road to musical comedies between 1940 and 1962 ,		who were some of his co - stars ?		dorothy lamour , whom crosby felt was getting too old for the role ,		what were the titles for the seven road to musical comedies ?		what were the titles for the seven road to musical comedies that bing crosby starred in ?
bing crosby		motion pictures		what motion pictures did crosby star in ?		crosby starred with bob hope and dorothy lamour in seven road to musical comedies between 1940 and 1962 ,		who were some of his co - stars ?		dorothy lamour , whom crosby felt was getting too old for the role ,		what were the titles for the seven road to musical comedies ?		road to singapore ( 1940 ) , road to zanzibar ( 1941 ) , road to morocco ( 1942 ) , road to utopia ( 1946 ) , road to rio ( 1947 ) , road to bali ( 1952 ) , and the road to hong kong		what year did the road to hong kong come out ?		what year did the road to hong kong come out ?
bing crosby		motion pictures		what motion pictures did crosby star in ?		crosby starred with bob hope and dorothy lamour in seven road to musical comedies between 1940 and 1962 ,		who were some of his co - stars ?		dorothy lamour , whom crosby felt was getting too old for the role ,		what were the titles for the seven road to musical comedies ?		road to singapore ( 1940 ) , road to zanzibar ( 1941 ) , road to morocco ( 1942 ) , road to utopia ( 1946 ) , road to rio ( 1947 ) , road to bali ( 1952 ) , and the road to hong kong		what year did the road to hong kong come out ?		( 1962 ) .		what other movies did he star in ?		other than road to singapore ( 1940 ) , road to zanzibar ( 1941 ) , road to morocco ( 1942 ) , road to utopia ( 1946 ) , road to rio ( 1947 ) , road to bali ( 1952 ) , and the road to hong kongother movies did bing crosby star in ?
bing crosby		motion pictures		what motion pictures did crosby star in ?		crosby starred with bob hope and dorothy lamour in seven road to musical comedies between 1940 and 1962 ,		who were some of his co - stars ?		dorothy lamour , whom crosby felt was getting too old for the role ,		what were the titles for the seven road to musical comedies ?		road to singapore ( 1940 ) , road to zanzibar ( 1941 ) , road to morocco ( 1942 ) , road to utopia ( 1946 ) , road to rio ( 1947 ) , road to bali ( 1952 ) , and the road to hong kong		what year did the road to hong kong come out ?		( 1962 ) .		what other movies did he star in ?		1949 disney animated film the adventures of ichabod and mr. toad , crosby provided the narration and song vocals		did he star in any movies besides the adventures of ichabod and mr. toad ?		did bing crosby star in any animated movies besides the adventures of ichabod and mr. toad ?
bing crosby		motion pictures		what motion pictures did crosby star in ?		crosby starred with bob hope and dorothy lamour in seven road to musical comedies between 1940 and 1962 ,		who were some of his co - stars ?		dorothy lamour , whom crosby felt was getting too old for the role ,		what were the titles for the seven road to musical comedies ?		road to singapore ( 1940 ) , road to zanzibar ( 1941 ) , road to morocco ( 1942 ) , road to utopia ( 1946 ) , road to rio ( 1947 ) , road to bali ( 1952 ) , and the road to hong kong		what year did the road to hong kong come out ?		( 1962 ) .		what other movies did he star in ?		1949 disney animated film the adventures of ichabod and mr. toad , crosby provided the narration and song vocals		did he star in any movies besides the adventures of ichabod and mr. toad ?		1960 , he starred in high time , a collegiate comedy with fabian forte and tuesday weld		how was that movie received ?		how was the 1960 comedy movie , high time received ?
bing crosby		motion pictures		what motion pictures did crosby star in ?		crosby starred with bob hope and dorothy lamour in seven road to musical comedies between 1940 and 1962 ,		who were some of his co - stars ?		dorothy lamour , whom crosby felt was getting too old for the role ,		what were the titles for the seven road to musical comedies ?		road to singapore ( 1940 ) , road to zanzibar ( 1941 ) , road to morocco ( 1942 ) , road to utopia ( 1946 ) , road to rio ( 1947 ) , road to bali ( 1952 ) , and the road to hong kong		what year did the road to hong kong come out ?		( 1962 ) .		what other movies did he star in ?		1949 disney animated film the adventures of ichabod and mr. toad , crosby provided the narration and song vocals		did he star in any movies besides the adventures of ichabod and mr. toad ?		1960 , he starred in high time , a collegiate comedy with fabian forte and tuesday weld		how was that movie received ?		i do n't know .		what was his next movie after that ?		what was bing crosby 's next next movie after high time ?
bing crosby		motion pictures		what motion pictures did crosby star in ?		crosby starred with bob hope and dorothy lamour in seven road to musical comedies between 1940 and 1962 ,		who were some of his co - stars ?		dorothy lamour , whom crosby felt was getting too old for the role ,		what were the titles for the seven road to musical comedies ?		road to singapore ( 1940 ) , road to zanzibar ( 1941 ) , road to morocco ( 1942 ) , road to utopia ( 1946 ) , road to rio ( 1947 ) , road to bali ( 1952 ) , and the road to hong kong		what year did the road to hong kong come out ?		( 1962 ) .		what other movies did he star in ?		1949 disney animated film the adventures of ichabod and mr. toad , crosby provided the narration and song vocals		did he star in any movies besides the adventures of ichabod and mr. toad ?		1960 , he starred in high time , a collegiate comedy with fabian forte and tuesday weld		how was that movie received ?		i do n't know .		what was his next movie after that ?		he won an academy award for best actor for going my way in 1944 and was nominated for the 1945 sequel ,		did he win any other awards ?		besides an acadamy award for best actor for going my way , did bing crosby win any other awards ?
bing crosby		motion pictures		what motion pictures did crosby star in ?		crosby starred with bob hope and dorothy lamour in seven road to musical comedies between 1940 and 1962 ,		who were some of his co - stars ?		dorothy lamour , whom crosby felt was getting too old for the role ,		what were the titles for the seven road to musical comedies ?		road to singapore ( 1940 ) , road to zanzibar ( 1941 ) , road to morocco ( 1942 ) , road to utopia ( 1946 ) , road to rio ( 1947 ) , road to bali ( 1952 ) , and the road to hong kong		what year did the road to hong kong come out ?		( 1962 ) .		what other movies did he star in ?		1949 disney animated film the adventures of ichabod and mr. toad , crosby provided the narration and song vocals		did he star in any movies besides the adventures of ichabod and mr. toad ?		1960 , he starred in high time , a collegiate comedy with fabian forte and tuesday weld		how was that movie received ?		i do n't know .		what was his next movie after that ?		he won an academy award for best actor for going my way in 1944 and was nominated for the 1945 sequel ,		did he win any other awards ?		he received critical acclaim for his performance as an alcoholic entertainer in the country girl and received his third academy award nomination .		when did the country girl come out ?		when did the country girl come out ?
mahinda rajapaksa		sri lankan civil war		what was mahinda rajapasksas role in the civil war ?		what was mahinda rajapasksas role in the sri lankan civil war ?
mahinda rajapaksa		sri lankan civil war		what was mahinda rajapasksas role in the civil war ?		although styling himself as a man of peace and a willing negotiator , rajapaksa signaled his intention to end the peace process		did the peace process end ?		did the peace process end in sri lankan civil war ?
mahinda rajapaksa		sri lankan civil war		what was mahinda rajapasksas role in the civil war ?		although styling himself as a man of peace and a willing negotiator , rajapaksa signaled his intention to end the peace process		did the peace process end ?		the agreement made with rajapaksa included provisions which called for a revision of the ceasefire agreement		what significance does sir lankan have to do with the civil war		what significance does sir lankan have to do with the civil war
mahinda rajapaksa		sri lankan civil war		what was mahinda rajapasksas role in the civil war ?		although styling himself as a man of peace and a willing negotiator , rajapaksa signaled his intention to end the peace process		did the peace process end ?		the agreement made with rajapaksa included provisions which called for a revision of the ceasefire agreement		what significance does sir lankan have to do with the civil war		the sri lanka government declared total victory on 18 may 2009 .		what happened after they declared victory ?		what happened after mahinda rajapaksa declared victory ?
mahinda rajapaksa		sri lankan civil war		what was mahinda rajapasksas role in the civil war ?		although styling himself as a man of peace and a willing negotiator , rajapaksa signaled his intention to end the peace process		did the peace process end ?		the agreement made with rajapaksa included provisions which called for a revision of the ceasefire agreement		what significance does sir lankan have to do with the civil war		the sri lanka government declared total victory on 18 may 2009 .		what happened after they declared victory ?		president mahinda rajapaksa delivered a victory address to the parliament and declared that sri lanka is liberated from terrorism .		what happened to rajapaksa after the civil war ?		what happened to rajapaksa after the sri lankan civil war ?
mahinda rajapaksa		sri lankan civil war		what was mahinda rajapasksas role in the civil war ?		although styling himself as a man of peace and a willing negotiator , rajapaksa signaled his intention to end the peace process		did the peace process end ?		the agreement made with rajapaksa included provisions which called for a revision of the ceasefire agreement		what significance does sir lankan have to do with the civil war		the sri lanka government declared total victory on 18 may 2009 .		what happened after they declared victory ?		president mahinda rajapaksa delivered a victory address to the parliament and declared that sri lanka is liberated from terrorism .		what happened to rajapaksa after the civil war ?		i do n't know .		what were the provisions called for in the ceasefire ?		what were the provisions called for in the sri lankans civil war ceasefire ?
mahinda rajapaksa		sri lankan civil war		what was mahinda rajapasksas role in the civil war ?		although styling himself as a man of peace and a willing negotiator , rajapaksa signaled his intention to end the peace process		did the peace process end ?		the agreement made with rajapaksa included provisions which called for a revision of the ceasefire agreement		what significance does sir lankan have to do with the civil war		the sri lanka government declared total victory on 18 may 2009 .		what happened after they declared victory ?		president mahinda rajapaksa delivered a victory address to the parliament and declared that sri lanka is liberated from terrorism .		what happened to rajapaksa after the civil war ?		i do n't know .		what were the provisions called for in the ceasefire ?		to give the military broader powers against the ltte , as well as ruling out of any devolution of power to the tamil people .		what broader powers were given to the military ?		what broader powers were given to the military of sri lanka ?
mahinda rajapaksa		sri lankan civil war		what was mahinda rajapasksas role in the civil war ?		although styling himself as a man of peace and a willing negotiator , rajapaksa signaled his intention to end the peace process		did the peace process end ?		the agreement made with rajapaksa included provisions which called for a revision of the ceasefire agreement		what significance does sir lankan have to do with the civil war		the sri lanka government declared total victory on 18 may 2009 .		what happened after they declared victory ?		president mahinda rajapaksa delivered a victory address to the parliament and declared that sri lanka is liberated from terrorism .		what happened to rajapaksa after the civil war ?		i do n't know .		what were the provisions called for in the ceasefire ?		to give the military broader powers against the ltte , as well as ruling out of any devolution of power to the tamil people .		what broader powers were given to the military ?		i do n't know .		what is the ltte ?		what is the ltte ?
a - teens		solo careers		who had a solo career ?		who had a solo career in a - teens ?
a - teens		solo careers		who had a solo career ?		dhani lennevald released " girl talk " , his first single as a solo artist , in sweden .		anybody else have a solo career ?		besides dhani lennevald , did anyone else have a solo career ?
a - teens		solo careers		who had a solo career ?		dhani lennevald released " girl talk " , his first single as a solo artist , in sweden .		anybody else have a solo career ?		in 2005 , marie serneholt signed with sonybmg and in early 2006 , she released her first single as a solo artist titled " that 's the way my heart goes " .		anybody else have a solo career ?		other than marie serneholt and dhani lennevald , did anyone else have a solo career ?
a - teens		solo careers		who had a solo career ?		dhani lennevald released " girl talk " , his first single as a solo artist , in sweden .		anybody else have a solo career ?		in 2005 , marie serneholt signed with sonybmg and in early 2006 , she released her first single as a solo artist titled " that 's the way my heart goes " .		anybody else have a solo career ?		amit paul has released his first solo album " songs in a key of mine " which features 12 songs in april 2008 ,		anybody else have a solo career ?		in addition to amit paul , maire serneholt , and dhani lennevald , did anyone else have a solo career ?
a - teens		solo careers		who had a solo career ?		dhani lennevald released " girl talk " , his first single as a solo artist , in sweden .		anybody else have a solo career ?		in 2005 , marie serneholt signed with sonybmg and in early 2006 , she released her first single as a solo artist titled " that 's the way my heart goes " .		anybody else have a solo career ?		amit paul has released his first solo album " songs in a key of mine " which features 12 songs in april 2008 ,		anybody else have a solo career ?		sara lumholdt released a cover of olivia newton - john 's song " physical " for a compilation album .		what year was girl talk released ?		what year was girl talk released ?
a - teens		solo careers		who had a solo career ?		dhani lennevald released " girl talk " , his first single as a solo artist , in sweden .		anybody else have a solo career ?		in 2005 , marie serneholt signed with sonybmg and in early 2006 , she released her first single as a solo artist titled " that 's the way my heart goes " .		anybody else have a solo career ?		amit paul has released his first solo album " songs in a key of mine " which features 12 songs in april 2008 ,		anybody else have a solo career ?		sara lumholdt released a cover of olivia newton - john 's song " physical " for a compilation album .		what year was girl talk released ?		in september 2004		what year was physical released ?		what year did sara lumholdt release physical ?
a - teens		solo careers		who had a solo career ?		dhani lennevald released " girl talk " , his first single as a solo artist , in sweden .		anybody else have a solo career ?		in 2005 , marie serneholt signed with sonybmg and in early 2006 , she released her first single as a solo artist titled " that 's the way my heart goes " .		anybody else have a solo career ?		amit paul has released his first solo album " songs in a key of mine " which features 12 songs in april 2008 ,		anybody else have a solo career ?		sara lumholdt released a cover of olivia newton - john 's song " physical " for a compilation album .		what year was girl talk released ?		in september 2004		what year was physical released ?		i do n't know .		how well did girl talk do ?		how well did girl talk do ?
a - teens		solo careers		who had a solo career ?		dhani lennevald released " girl talk " , his first single as a solo artist , in sweden .		anybody else have a solo career ?		in 2005 , marie serneholt signed with sonybmg and in early 2006 , she released her first single as a solo artist titled " that 's the way my heart goes " .		anybody else have a solo career ?		amit paul has released his first solo album " songs in a key of mine " which features 12 songs in april 2008 ,		anybody else have a solo career ?		sara lumholdt released a cover of olivia newton - john 's song " physical " for a compilation album .		what year was girl talk released ?		in september 2004		what year was physical released ?		i do n't know .		how well did girl talk do ?		there it peaked at number twenty - nine , ensuring gold status after nine weeks on the charts .		how well did that s the way my heart goes do ?		how well did marie serneholt song " that 's the way my heart goes " do ?
a - teens		solo careers		who had a solo career ?		dhani lennevald released " girl talk " , his first single as a solo artist , in sweden .		anybody else have a solo career ?		in 2005 , marie serneholt signed with sonybmg and in early 2006 , she released her first single as a solo artist titled " that 's the way my heart goes " .		anybody else have a solo career ?		amit paul has released his first solo album " songs in a key of mine " which features 12 songs in april 2008 ,		anybody else have a solo career ?		sara lumholdt released a cover of olivia newton - john 's song " physical " for a compilation album .		what year was girl talk released ?		in september 2004		what year was physical released ?		i do n't know .		how well did girl talk do ?		there it peaked at number twenty - nine , ensuring gold status after nine weeks on the charts .		how well did that s the way my heart goes do ?		it reached number two in sweden in february , and was later released in europe and certified gold .		how well did songs in a key of mine do ?		how well did amit paul 's album : songs in a key of mine do ?
a - teens		solo careers		who had a solo career ?		dhani lennevald released " girl talk " , his first single as a solo artist , in sweden .		anybody else have a solo career ?		in 2005 , marie serneholt signed with sonybmg and in early 2006 , she released her first single as a solo artist titled " that 's the way my heart goes " .		anybody else have a solo career ?		amit paul has released his first solo album " songs in a key of mine " which features 12 songs in april 2008 ,		anybody else have a solo career ?		sara lumholdt released a cover of olivia newton - john 's song " physical " for a compilation album .		what year was girl talk released ?		in september 2004		what year was physical released ?		i do n't know .		how well did girl talk do ?		there it peaked at number twenty - nine , ensuring gold status after nine weeks on the charts .		how well did that s the way my heart goes do ?		it reached number two in sweden in february , and was later released in europe and certified gold .		how well did songs in a key of mine do ?		i do n't know .		how well did physical do ?		how well did sara lumholdt 's song " physical " do ?
ukrainians		religions		what is the major religion of ukrainians ?		what is the major religion of ukrainians ?
ukrainians		religions		what is the major religion of ukrainians ?		ukrainians are predominantly orthodox christians .		do they practice other religions as well ?		do ukrainians practice other religions aside from orthodox christianity ?
ukrainians		religions		what is the major religion of ukrainians ?		ukrainians are predominantly orthodox christians .		do they practice other religions as well ?		there are also ethnic minorities that practice other religions , i.e. crimean tatars ( islam ) , and jews and karaim ( judaism ) .		what do orthodox christians believe ?		what do orthodox christians believe ?
ukrainians		religions		what is the major religion of ukrainians ?		ukrainians are predominantly orthodox christians .		do they practice other religions as well ?		there are also ethnic minorities that practice other religions , i.e. crimean tatars ( islam ) , and jews and karaim ( judaism ) .		what do orthodox christians believe ?		i do n't know .		how are religious minorities treated ?		how are religious minorities treated in ukraine ?
ukrainians		religions		what is the major religion of ukrainians ?		ukrainians are predominantly orthodox christians .		do they practice other religions as well ?		there are also ethnic minorities that practice other religions , i.e. crimean tatars ( islam ) , and jews and karaim ( judaism ) .		what do orthodox christians believe ?		i do n't know .		how are religious minorities treated ?		i do n't know .		what is the history of their religion ?		what is the history of ukrainians ' religion ?
ukrainians		religions		what is the major religion of ukrainians ?		ukrainians are predominantly orthodox christians .		do they practice other religions as well ?		there are also ethnic minorities that practice other religions , i.e. crimean tatars ( islam ) , and jews and karaim ( judaism ) .		what do orthodox christians believe ?		i do n't know .		how are religious minorities treated ?		i do n't know .		what is the history of their religion ?		ukraine was inhabited by pagan tribes until byzantine rite christianity was introduced by the turn of the first millennium .		how was christianity introduced ?		how was christianity introduced in ukraine ?
ukrainians		religions		what is the major religion of ukrainians ?		ukrainians are predominantly orthodox christians .		do they practice other religions as well ?		there are also ethnic minorities that practice other religions , i.e. crimean tatars ( islam ) , and jews and karaim ( judaism ) .		what do orthodox christians believe ?		i do n't know .		how are religious minorities treated ?		i do n't know .		what is the history of their religion ?		ukraine was inhabited by pagan tribes until byzantine rite christianity was introduced by the turn of the first millennium .		how was christianity introduced ?		the first known conversion was by the princess saint olga who came to constantinople in 945 or 957 .		what other conversions occurred ?		aside from the first known conversion was by the princess saint olga who came to constantinople in 945 or 957 , what other conversions occurred ?
ukrainians		religions		what is the major religion of ukrainians ?		ukrainians are predominantly orthodox christians .		do they practice other religions as well ?		there are also ethnic minorities that practice other religions , i.e. crimean tatars ( islam ) , and jews and karaim ( judaism ) .		what do orthodox christians believe ?		i do n't know .		how are religious minorities treated ?		i do n't know .		what is the history of their religion ?		ukraine was inhabited by pagan tribes until byzantine rite christianity was introduced by the turn of the first millennium .		how was christianity introduced ?		the first known conversion was by the princess saint olga who came to constantinople in 945 or 957 .		what other conversions occurred ?		several years later , her grandson , knyaz vladimir baptised his people in the dnieper river .		what other people were significant during this time ?		aside from knyaz vladimir , what other people were significant during the 950 era ?
ukrainians		religions		what is the major religion of ukrainians ?		ukrainians are predominantly orthodox christians .		do they practice other religions as well ?		there are also ethnic minorities that practice other religions , i.e. crimean tatars ( islam ) , and jews and karaim ( judaism ) .		what do orthodox christians believe ?		i do n't know .		how are religious minorities treated ?		i do n't know .		what is the history of their religion ?		ukraine was inhabited by pagan tribes until byzantine rite christianity was introduced by the turn of the first millennium .		how was christianity introduced ?		the first known conversion was by the princess saint olga who came to constantinople in 945 or 957 .		what other conversions occurred ?		several years later , her grandson , knyaz vladimir baptised his people in the dnieper river .		what other people were significant during this time ?		apostle andrew himself had visited the site where the city of kiev would be later built .		was anything else significant about andrew ?		aside from visiting the future kiev location , was anything else significant about apostle andrew ?
tom paxton		awards , honors , and nominations		has he won any prestigeous awards ?		has tom paxton won any prestigeous awards ?
tom paxton		awards , honors , and nominations		has he won any prestigeous awards ?		a few days later , he received three wammies		what did he receive those awards for ?		what did tom paxton receive the three wammies awards for ?
tom paxton		awards , honors , and nominations		has he won any prestigeous awards ?		a few days later , he received three wammies		what did he receive those awards for ?		best male vocalist in the " traditional folk " and " children 's music "		did he win any other awards ?		aside from the three wammies , did tom paxton win any other awards ?
tom paxton		awards , honors , and nominations		has he won any prestigeous awards ?		a few days later , he received three wammies		what did he receive those awards for ?		best male vocalist in the " traditional folk " and " children 's music "		did he win any other awards ?		best traditional folk recording of the year for " under american skies " (		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from winning awards , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
tom paxton		awards , honors , and nominations		has he won any prestigeous awards ?		a few days later , he received three wammies		what did he receive those awards for ?		best male vocalist in the " traditional folk " and " children 's music "		did he win any other awards ?		best traditional folk recording of the year for " under american skies " (		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		paxton has been nominated four times for grammy awards ,		what did he win grammy 's for ?		what did tom paxton win grammy 's for ?
tom paxton		awards , honors , and nominations		has he won any prestigeous awards ?		a few days later , he received three wammies		what did he receive those awards for ?		best male vocalist in the " traditional folk " and " children 's music "		did he win any other awards ?		best traditional folk recording of the year for " under american skies " (		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		paxton has been nominated four times for grammy awards ,		what did he win grammy 's for ?		i do n't know .		what else did he get a grammy for ?		what other shows aside from " do nt ' know " did tom paxton get a grammy for ?
black francis		pixies		when were the pixies made ?		when were the pixies made ?
black francis		pixies		when were the pixies made ?		in january 1986 , thompson formed the pixies with santiago .		what was their first album ?		what was the pixies ' first album ?
black francis		pixies		when were the pixies made ?		in january 1986 , thompson formed the pixies with santiago .		what was their first album ?		in 1987 , the pixies released an 18-track demo tape , commonly referred to as the purple tape .		what was their most popular song in the demo ?		what was the pixies ' most popular song in the purple tape demo tape ?
black francis		pixies		when were the pixies made ?		in january 1986 , thompson formed the pixies with santiago .		what was their first album ?		in 1987 , the pixies released an 18-track demo tape , commonly referred to as the purple tape .		what was their most popular song in the demo ?		i do n't know .		was that demo album popular ?		was the purple tape demo album by the pixies popular ?
black francis		pixies		when were the pixies made ?		in january 1986 , thompson formed the pixies with santiago .		what was their first album ?		in 1987 , the pixies released an 18-track demo tape , commonly referred to as the purple tape .		what was their most popular song in the demo ?		i do n't know .		was that demo album popular ?		the purple tape led to a recording contract with the english independent record label 4ad . for the release of the mini album come on pilgrim ,		how many songs did the mini album have ?		how many songs did the mini album come on pilgrim by the pixies have ?
black francis		pixies		when were the pixies made ?		in january 1986 , thompson formed the pixies with santiago .		what was their first album ?		in 1987 , the pixies released an 18-track demo tape , commonly referred to as the purple tape .		what was their most popular song in the demo ?		i do n't know .		was that demo album popular ?		the purple tape led to a recording contract with the english independent record label 4ad . for the release of the mini album come on pilgrim ,		how many songs did the mini album have ?		i do n't know .		was the mini album successful ?		was the mini album come on pilgrim by the pixies successful ?
guy lombardo		other pursuits		what other pursuits did he do ?		what other pursuits did guy lombardo do ?
guy lombardo		other pursuits		what other pursuits did he do ?		lombardo was also an important figure in hydroplane speedboat racing ,		what did he do with that ?		what did guy lombardo do with his hydroplane speedboat racing ?
guy lombardo		other pursuits		what other pursuits did he do ?		lombardo was also an important figure in hydroplane speedboat racing ,		what did he do with that ?		winning the gold cup in 1946 in his record - breaking speedboat , tempo vi , designed and built by john l. hacker .		did he work with anyone ?		did guy lombardo work with anyone ?
guy lombardo		other pursuits		what other pursuits did he do ?		lombardo was also an important figure in hydroplane speedboat racing ,		what did he do with that ?		winning the gold cup in 1946 in his record - breaking speedboat , tempo vi , designed and built by john l. hacker .		did he work with anyone ?		i do n't know .		did he break any other records with speed boating ?		did guy lombardo break any other records besides winning the 1946 gold cup in speed boating ?
guy lombardo		other pursuits		what other pursuits did he do ?		lombardo was also an important figure in hydroplane speedboat racing ,		what did he do with that ?		winning the gold cup in 1946 in his record - breaking speedboat , tempo vi , designed and built by john l. hacker .		did he work with anyone ?		i do n't know .		did he break any other records with speed boating ?		he then went on to win the ford memorial competition in 1948 and the president 's cup and the silver cup in 1952 .		did he do anything else other than speedboating ?		did guy lombardo have any other professions besides speedboating ?
guy lombardo		other pursuits		what other pursuits did he do ?		lombardo was also an important figure in hydroplane speedboat racing ,		what did he do with that ?		winning the gold cup in 1946 in his record - breaking speedboat , tempo vi , designed and built by john l. hacker .		did he work with anyone ?		i do n't know .		did he break any other records with speed boating ?		he then went on to win the ford memorial competition in 1948 and the president 's cup and the silver cup in 1952 .		did he do anything else other than speedboating ?		he invested in a nearby seafood restaurant called " liota 's east point house " that eventually became " guy lombardo 's east point house " .		was this a successful venture ?		was guy lombardo 's restaurant " liota 's east point house " a successful venture ?
guy lombardo		other pursuits		what other pursuits did he do ?		lombardo was also an important figure in hydroplane speedboat racing ,		what did he do with that ?		winning the gold cup in 1946 in his record - breaking speedboat , tempo vi , designed and built by john l. hacker .		did he work with anyone ?		i do n't know .		did he break any other records with speed boating ?		he then went on to win the ford memorial competition in 1948 and the president 's cup and the silver cup in 1952 .		did he do anything else other than speedboating ?		he invested in a nearby seafood restaurant called " liota 's east point house " that eventually became " guy lombardo 's east point house " .		was this a successful venture ?		endeavor was short - lived and ended in 1961 with the closure of skagit plastics .		did he do anything else ?		did guy lombardo have any other career highlights besides racing and the restaurant ?
skyhooks ( band )		reformations and later releases		what were some of their later releases ?		what were some of skyhooks later releases ?
skyhooks ( band )		reformations and later releases		what were some of their later releases ?		in december 1982 , mushroom released a medley of skyhooks songs as " hooked on hooks " which peaked at # 21 .		what is the reformation about ?		what was skyhooks reformation about ?
skyhooks ( band )		reformations and later releases		what were some of their later releases ?		in december 1982 , mushroom released a medley of skyhooks songs as " hooked on hooks " which peaked at # 21 .		what is the reformation about ?		a one - off reunion concert took place in october 1984 , and in 1990 the band finally recorded new material , including " jukebox in siberia " ,		was that well received ?		was reformation by skyhooks well received ?
skyhooks ( band )		reformations and later releases		what were some of their later releases ?		in december 1982 , mushroom released a medley of skyhooks songs as " hooked on hooks " which peaked at # 21 .		what is the reformation about ?		a one - off reunion concert took place in october 1984 , and in 1990 the band finally recorded new material , including " jukebox in siberia " ,		was that well received ?		which peaked at the top of the aria singles charts for two weeks .		did they record any other songs that did well on the charts ?		did skyhooks record any other songs that did well on the charts , aside from " jukebox in siberia " ? ?
skyhooks ( band )		reformations and later releases		what were some of their later releases ?		in december 1982 , mushroom released a medley of skyhooks songs as " hooked on hooks " which peaked at # 21 .		what is the reformation about ?		a one - off reunion concert took place in october 1984 , and in 1990 the band finally recorded new material , including " jukebox in siberia " ,		was that well received ?		which peaked at the top of the aria singles charts for two weeks .		did they record any other songs that did well on the charts ?		in november , the latest and greatest , a compilation album , was released , which peaked at # 4 on the aria albums charts .		when did they get back together ?		when did skyhooks get back together ?
skyhooks ( band )		reformations and later releases		what were some of their later releases ?		in december 1982 , mushroom released a medley of skyhooks songs as " hooked on hooks " which peaked at # 21 .		what is the reformation about ?		a one - off reunion concert took place in october 1984 , and in 1990 the band finally recorded new material , including " jukebox in siberia " ,		was that well received ?		which peaked at the top of the aria singles charts for two weeks .		did they record any other songs that did well on the charts ?		in november , the latest and greatest , a compilation album , was released , which peaked at # 4 on the aria albums charts .		when did they get back together ?		the final release of new skyhooks material came in june 1999 when a twin - cd , skyhooks :		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than the information about skyhooks " reformations " , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
jimmy johnson ( american football coach )		university of miami		when did jimmy go to u of m ?		when did jimmy go to u of m ?
jimmy johnson ( american football coach )		university of miami		when did jimmy go to u of m ?		in 1984 , johnson was hired by the university of miami to replace former coach		how did his teams do there ?		how did university of miami do there ?
jimmy johnson ( american football coach )		university of miami		when did jimmy go to u of m ?		in 1984 , johnson was hired by the university of miami to replace former coach		how did his teams do there ?		johnson started with a shaky 8 - 5 record his first season ,		how was his second season ?		how was johnson 's second season ?
jimmy johnson ( american football coach )		university of miami		when did jimmy go to u of m ?		in 1984 , johnson was hired by the university of miami to replace former coach		how did his teams do there ?		johnson started with a shaky 8 - 5 record his first season ,		how was his second season ?		in his five years at miami , johnson compiled a 52 - 9		how long did he stay at miami		how long did johnson stay at miami ?
jimmy johnson ( american football coach )		university of miami		when did jimmy go to u of m ?		in 1984 , johnson was hired by the university of miami to replace former coach		how did his teams do there ?		johnson started with a shaky 8 - 5 record his first season ,		how was his second season ?		in his five years at miami , johnson compiled a 52 - 9		how long did he stay at miami		i do n't know .		did he have any famous players there		did johnson have any famous players in miami ?
jimmy johnson ( american football coach )		university of miami		when did jimmy go to u of m ?		in 1984 , johnson was hired by the university of miami to replace former coach		how did his teams do there ?		johnson started with a shaky 8 - 5 record his first season ,		how was his second season ?		in his five years at miami , johnson compiled a 52 - 9		how long did he stay at miami		i do n't know .		did he have any famous players there		bernie kosar 's		did he set any records there		did johnson set any records in miami ?
jimmy johnson ( american football coach )		university of miami		when did jimmy go to u of m ?		in 1984 , johnson was hired by the university of miami to replace former coach		how did his teams do there ?		johnson started with a shaky 8 - 5 record his first season ,		how was his second season ?		in his five years at miami , johnson compiled a 52 - 9		how long did he stay at miami		i do n't know .		did he have any famous players there		bernie kosar 's		did he set any records there		johnson was inducted into the university of miami sports hall of fame in 1996 .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides johnson playing in miami are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
jimmy johnson ( american football coach )		university of miami		when did jimmy go to u of m ?		in 1984 , johnson was hired by the university of miami to replace former coach		how did his teams do there ?		johnson started with a shaky 8 - 5 record his first season ,		how was his second season ?		in his five years at miami , johnson compiled a 52 - 9		how long did he stay at miami		i do n't know .		did he have any famous players there		bernie kosar 's		did he set any records there		johnson was inducted into the university of miami sports hall of fame in 1996 .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		johnson created a free - wheeling atmosphere where he allowed , and at times encouraged , his players to showboat , trash - talk , and run up the score .		did any players get into trouble ?		did any players get into trouble ?
jimmy johnson ( american football coach )		early coaching jobs		what was his first coaching job ?		what was jimmy johnson 's first coaching job ?
jimmy johnson ( american football coach )		early coaching jobs		what was his first coaching job ?		johnson became assistant head coach and defensive coordinator at the university of pittsburgh under jackie sherrill in 1977 and 1978 .		was he successful at this position ?		was jimmy johnson successful as assistant head coach and defensive coordinator at the university of pittsburgh under jackie sherrill in 1977 and 1978 ?
jimmy johnson ( american football coach )		early coaching jobs		what was his first coaching job ?		johnson became assistant head coach and defensive coordinator at the university of pittsburgh under jackie sherrill in 1977 and 1978 .		was he successful at this position ?		there , he coached randy holloway , david logan , al chesley , j. c. wilson , and hugh green ,		did he set any records with the team ?		did jimmy johnson set any records with the team ?
jimmy johnson ( american football coach )		early coaching jobs		what was his first coaching job ?		johnson became assistant head coach and defensive coordinator at the university of pittsburgh under jackie sherrill in 1977 and 1978 .		was he successful at this position ?		there , he coached randy holloway , david logan , al chesley , j. c. wilson , and hugh green ,		did he set any records with the team ?		i do n't know .		did he coach anywhere other than miami and pittsburgh ?		did jimmy johnson coach anywhere other than miami and pittsburgh ?
jimmy johnson ( american football coach )		early coaching jobs		what was his first coaching job ?		johnson became assistant head coach and defensive coordinator at the university of pittsburgh under jackie sherrill in 1977 and 1978 .		was he successful at this position ?		there , he coached randy holloway , david logan , al chesley , j. c. wilson , and hugh green ,		did he set any records with the team ?		i do n't know .		did he coach anywhere other than miami and pittsburgh ?		in 1979 , johnson became head coach at oklahoma state .		what was his final coaching job in the early years ?		what was jimmy johnson 's final coaching job in the early years ?
jimmy johnson ( american football coach )		early coaching jobs		what was his first coaching job ?		johnson became assistant head coach and defensive coordinator at the university of pittsburgh under jackie sherrill in 1977 and 1978 .		was he successful at this position ?		there , he coached randy holloway , david logan , al chesley , j. c. wilson , and hugh green ,		did he set any records with the team ?		i do n't know .		did he coach anywhere other than miami and pittsburgh ?		in 1979 , johnson became head coach at oklahoma state .		what was his final coaching job in the early years ?		before taking the head coaching job at the university of miami .		when did he leave miami ?		when did jimmy johnson leave miami ?
jimmy johnson ( american football coach )		early coaching jobs		what was his first coaching job ?		johnson became assistant head coach and defensive coordinator at the university of pittsburgh under jackie sherrill in 1977 and 1978 .		was he successful at this position ?		there , he coached randy holloway , david logan , al chesley , j. c. wilson , and hugh green ,		did he set any records with the team ?		i do n't know .		did he coach anywhere other than miami and pittsburgh ?		in 1979 , johnson became head coach at oklahoma state .		what was his final coaching job in the early years ?		before taking the head coaching job at the university of miami .		when did he leave miami ?		i do n't know .		anything else you found interesting ?		anything else you found interesting in addition to early coaching jobs of jimmy johnson ?
jimmy johnson ( american football coach )		early coaching jobs		what was his first coaching job ?		johnson became assistant head coach and defensive coordinator at the university of pittsburgh under jackie sherrill in 1977 and 1978 .		was he successful at this position ?		there , he coached randy holloway , david logan , al chesley , j. c. wilson , and hugh green ,		did he set any records with the team ?		i do n't know .		did he coach anywhere other than miami and pittsburgh ?		in 1979 , johnson became head coach at oklahoma state .		what was his final coaching job in the early years ?		before taking the head coaching job at the university of miami .		when did he leave miami ?		i do n't know .		anything else you found interesting ?		johnson interviewed for the head coaching job at arkansas when lou holtz left following the 1983 season ,		did he get the job ?		did jimmy johnson get the job ?
bill walton		early life and college career		where was he born ?		where was bill walton born ?
bill walton		early life and college career		where was he born ?		walton was born in la mesa , california ,		did he play college basketball ?		did bill walton play college basketball ?
bill walton		early life and college career		where was he born ?		walton was born in la mesa , california ,		did he play college basketball ?		he played college basketball for john wooden at the university of california , los angeles ( ucla )		did he play basketball in high school ?		did bill walton play basketball in high school ?
bill walton		early life and college career		where was he born ?		walton was born in la mesa , california ,		did he play college basketball ?		he played college basketball for john wooden at the university of california , los angeles ( ucla )		did he play basketball in high school ?		he played high school basketball at helix high school .		did he win any awards in his early career ?		did bill walton win any awards in his early career ?
bill walton		early life and college career		where was he born ?		walton was born in la mesa , california ,		did he play college basketball ?		he played college basketball for john wooden at the university of california , los angeles ( ucla )		did he play basketball in high school ?		he played high school basketball at helix high school .		did he win any awards in his early career ?		walton was the 1973 recipient of the james e. sullivan award		what other awards did he win ?		besides winning the james e. sullivan award in 1973 , what other awards did bill walton win ?
bill walton		early life and college career		where was he born ?		walton was born in la mesa , california ,		did he play college basketball ?		he played college basketball for john wooden at the university of california , los angeles ( ucla )		did he play basketball in high school ?		he played high school basketball at helix high school .		did he win any awards in his early career ?		walton was the 1973 recipient of the james e. sullivan award		what other awards did he win ?		walton also received the usbwa college player of the year		did he have any notable games ?		did bill walton have any notable games ?
sgt . slaughter		iraqi sympathizer ( 1990 - 1991 )		why is he known as the iraqi sympathizer ?		why is sgt . slaughter known as the iraqi sympathizer ?
sgt . slaughter		iraqi sympathizer ( 1990 - 1991 )		why is he known as the iraqi sympathizer ?		a decision was made to have slaughter support the iraqi cause , not for the actual political reasons , but more for the fact that slaughter liked " brutality		did he wrestle with force ?		did sgt . slaughter wrestle with force ?
sgt . slaughter		iraqi sympathizer ( 1990 - 1991 )		why is he known as the iraqi sympathizer ?		a decision was made to have slaughter support the iraqi cause , not for the actual political reasons , but more for the fact that slaughter liked " brutality		did he wrestle with force ?		i do n't know .		did he ever serve in iraq ?		did sgt . slaughter ever serve in iraq ?
sgt . slaughter		iraqi sympathizer ( 1990 - 1991 )		why is he known as the iraqi sympathizer ?		a decision was made to have slaughter support the iraqi cause , not for the actual political reasons , but more for the fact that slaughter liked " brutality		did he wrestle with force ?		i do n't know .		did he ever serve in iraq ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting ?		besides sgt . slaughter 's style of wrestling , is there anything else interesting ?
sgt . slaughter		iraqi sympathizer ( 1990 - 1991 )		why is he known as the iraqi sympathizer ?		a decision was made to have slaughter support the iraqi cause , not for the actual political reasons , but more for the fact that slaughter liked " brutality		did he wrestle with force ?		i do n't know .		did he ever serve in iraq ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting ?		as 1990 ended , slaughter began challenging for the wwf world heavyweight championship that had been held by the ultimate warrior since wrestlemania vi .		did he ever win that championship ?		did sgt . slaughter ever win the wwf world heavyweight championship ?
sgt . slaughter		iraqi sympathizer ( 1990 - 1991 )		why is he known as the iraqi sympathizer ?		a decision was made to have slaughter support the iraqi cause , not for the actual political reasons , but more for the fact that slaughter liked " brutality		did he wrestle with force ?		i do n't know .		did he ever serve in iraq ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting ?		as 1990 ended , slaughter began challenging for the wwf world heavyweight championship that had been held by the ultimate warrior since wrestlemania vi .		did he ever win that championship ?		slaughter thus became the thirteenth wwf world heavyweight champion and was immediately challenged by royal rumble winner hulk hogan ,		why did hulk hogan challenge him after he won ?		why did hulk hogan challenge sgt . slaughter after he won the wwf world heavyweight championship ?
sgt . slaughter		iraqi sympathizer ( 1990 - 1991 )		why is he known as the iraqi sympathizer ?		a decision was made to have slaughter support the iraqi cause , not for the actual political reasons , but more for the fact that slaughter liked " brutality		did he wrestle with force ?		i do n't know .		did he ever serve in iraq ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting ?		as 1990 ended , slaughter began challenging for the wwf world heavyweight championship that had been held by the ultimate warrior since wrestlemania vi .		did he ever win that championship ?		slaughter thus became the thirteenth wwf world heavyweight champion and was immediately challenged by royal rumble winner hulk hogan ,		why did hulk hogan challenge him after he won ?		who was furious that slaughter had ( kayfabe ) desecrated the american flag ( off - screen ) as part of his victory		did slaughter accept his challenge ?		did slaughter accept hulk hogan 's challenge ?
sgt . slaughter		iraqi sympathizer ( 1990 - 1991 )		why is he known as the iraqi sympathizer ?		a decision was made to have slaughter support the iraqi cause , not for the actual political reasons , but more for the fact that slaughter liked " brutality		did he wrestle with force ?		i do n't know .		did he ever serve in iraq ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else interesting ?		as 1990 ended , slaughter began challenging for the wwf world heavyweight championship that had been held by the ultimate warrior since wrestlemania vi .		did he ever win that championship ?		slaughter thus became the thirteenth wwf world heavyweight champion and was immediately challenged by royal rumble winner hulk hogan ,		why did hulk hogan challenge him after he won ?		who was furious that slaughter had ( kayfabe ) desecrated the american flag ( off - screen ) as part of his victory		did slaughter accept his challenge ?		slaughter accepted .		who won that battle ?		who won the battle between hulk hogan and hulk hogan ?
sgt . slaughter		wwf commissioner and sporadic appearances ( 1997 - 2001 )		when does he become commissioner		when does sgt . slaughter become wwf commissioner on raw is war ?
sgt . slaughter		wwf commissioner and sporadic appearances ( 1997 - 2001 )		when does he become commissioner		august 4 , 1997 episode of raw is war to assume the role of on - air commissioner		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than when sgt . slaughter assumed the role of commisioner , are there any other interesting aspects about his television career ?
sgt . slaughter		wwf commissioner and sporadic appearances ( 1997 - 2001 )		when does he become commissioner		august 4 , 1997 episode of raw is war to assume the role of on - air commissioner		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in late 1998 , slaughter relinquished the role of commissioner to shawn michaels and largely disappeared from television .		when did he come back ?		when did sgt . slaughter come back to episodes of raw is war ?
sgt . slaughter		wwf commissioner and sporadic appearances ( 1997 - 2001 )		when does he become commissioner		august 4 , 1997 episode of raw is war to assume the role of on - air commissioner		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in late 1998 , slaughter relinquished the role of commissioner to shawn michaels and largely disappeared from television .		when did he come back ?		august 4 , 1997		did he do anything else during this time ?		other than his duties as commisioner , did sgt . slaughter make other appearances during the time when he was on raw is war ?
sgt . slaughter		wwf commissioner and sporadic appearances ( 1997 - 2001 )		when does he become commissioner		august 4 , 1997 episode of raw is war to assume the role of on - air commissioner		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in late 1998 , slaughter relinquished the role of commissioner to shawn michaels and largely disappeared from television .		when did he come back ?		august 4 , 1997		did he do anything else during this time ?		slaughter also made an appearance at wrestlemania x - seven , in the gimmick battle royal ,		what happened after that fight ?		what happened between sgt . slaughter and the sheik after their match ?
sgt . slaughter		wwf commissioner and sporadic appearances ( 1997 - 2001 )		when does he become commissioner		august 4 , 1997 episode of raw is war to assume the role of on - air commissioner		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in late 1998 , slaughter relinquished the role of commissioner to shawn michaels and largely disappeared from television .		when did he come back ?		august 4 , 1997		did he do anything else during this time ?		slaughter also made an appearance at wrestlemania x - seven , in the gimmick battle royal ,		what happened after that fight ?		slaughter got his revenge after the match by locking the sheik in the cobra clutch .		did he win the fight ?		did sgt . slaughter win the fight with the sheik ?
sgt . slaughter		wwf commissioner and sporadic appearances ( 1997 - 2001 )		when does he become commissioner		august 4 , 1997 episode of raw is war to assume the role of on - air commissioner		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in late 1998 , slaughter relinquished the role of commissioner to shawn michaels and largely disappeared from television .		when did he come back ?		august 4 , 1997		did he do anything else during this time ?		slaughter also made an appearance at wrestlemania x - seven , in the gimmick battle royal ,		what happened after that fight ?		slaughter got his revenge after the match by locking the sheik in the cobra clutch .		did he win the fight ?		i do n't know .		was there anything of interest in this article ?		was there anything regarding sgt . slaughter 's fued with triple h or his interactions with chyna in this article ?
sgt . slaughter		wwf commissioner and sporadic appearances ( 1997 - 2001 )		when does he become commissioner		august 4 , 1997 episode of raw is war to assume the role of on - air commissioner		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in late 1998 , slaughter relinquished the role of commissioner to shawn michaels and largely disappeared from television .		when did he come back ?		august 4 , 1997		did he do anything else during this time ?		slaughter also made an appearance at wrestlemania x - seven , in the gimmick battle royal ,		what happened after that fight ?		slaughter got his revenge after the match by locking the sheik in the cobra clutch .		did he win the fight ?		i do n't know .		was there anything of interest in this article ?		his feud with triple h continued into wrestlemania xiv where he handcuffed himself to chyna to prevent her from interfering with helmsley 's match against owen hart .		when was this fight ?		when was the wrestlemania xiv fight where sgt . slaughter hancuffed himself to chyna ?
converge ( band )		all we love we leave behind ( 2012 - 2016 )		what album preceded all we love we leave behind ?		what album preceded all we love we leave behind ?
converge ( band )		all we love we leave behind ( 2012 - 2016 )		what album preceded all we love we leave behind ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article besides the album preceding all we love we leave behind ?
converge ( band )		all we love we leave behind ( 2012 - 2016 )		what album preceded all we love we leave behind ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the following day , ballou announced plans via his facebook page to begin recording with the band in january .		what were the hits songs from the album ?		what were the hits songs from all we love we leave behind ?
converge ( band )		all we love we leave behind ( 2012 - 2016 )		what album preceded all we love we leave behind ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the following day , ballou announced plans via his facebook page to begin recording with the band in january .		what were the hits songs from the album ?		track " aimless arrow "		how was the album received by fans and critics ?		how was all we love we leave behind received by fans and critics ?
converge ( band )		all we love we leave behind ( 2012 - 2016 )		what album preceded all we love we leave behind ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the following day , ballou announced plans via his facebook page to begin recording with the band in january .		what were the hits songs from the album ?		track " aimless arrow "		how was the album received by fans and critics ?		it peaked at number 70 on the billboard 200 ,		did the band tour to support the album ?		did converge tour to support all we love we leave behind ?
converge ( band )		all we love we leave behind ( 2012 - 2016 )		what album preceded all we love we leave behind ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the following day , ballou announced plans via his facebook page to begin recording with the band in january .		what were the hits songs from the album ?		track " aimless arrow "		how was the album received by fans and critics ?		it peaked at number 70 on the billboard 200 ,		did the band tour to support the album ?		converge 's first headlining tour in support of all we love we leave behind started in october 2012		what album followed all we love ?		what album followed all we love ?
jonah lomu		1996 - 1998		what happened in 1996 ?		in regards to jonah lomu what happened in 1996 ?
jonah lomu		1996 - 1998		what happened in 1996 ?		lomu played for the all blacks in matches against the touring samoa and scotland teams in june 1996 , scoring in one of the scottish matches .		did anything else happen in 1996 ?		aside from the matches with the all blacks in june of 1996 , what else happened to jonah lomu in 1996 ?
jonah lomu		1996 - 1998		what happened in 1996 ?		lomu played for the all blacks in matches against the touring samoa and scotland teams in june 1996 , scoring in one of the scottish matches .		did anything else happen in 1996 ?		following the world cup new zealand played australia home and away for the bledisloe cup with lomu scoring tries in both matches .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from his matches in 1996 are there any other interesting aspects about jonah lomu in this article ?
jonah lomu		1996 - 1998		what happened in 1996 ?		lomu played for the all blacks in matches against the touring samoa and scotland teams in june 1996 , scoring in one of the scottish matches .		did anything else happen in 1996 ?		following the world cup new zealand played australia home and away for the bledisloe cup with lomu scoring tries in both matches .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		at the end of 1996 , he was diagnosed with a rare and serious kidney disorder , which saw him take time off from the sport .		how much time off did he have to take ?		how much time off did jonah lomu have to take off after his kidney disorder was diagnosed ?
jonah lomu		1996 - 1998		what happened in 1996 ?		lomu played for the all blacks in matches against the touring samoa and scotland teams in june 1996 , scoring in one of the scottish matches .		did anything else happen in 1996 ?		following the world cup new zealand played australia home and away for the bledisloe cup with lomu scoring tries in both matches .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		at the end of 1996 , he was diagnosed with a rare and serious kidney disorder , which saw him take time off from the sport .		how much time off did he have to take ?		he did not play in the 1997 tri nations series , but he was included in the all blacks tour of the northern hemisphere at the end of the year .		did anything happen in 1997 ?		in regards to jonah lomu did anything happen in 1997 ?
jonah lomu		1996 - 1998		what happened in 1996 ?		lomu played for the all blacks in matches against the touring samoa and scotland teams in june 1996 , scoring in one of the scottish matches .		did anything else happen in 1996 ?		following the world cup new zealand played australia home and away for the bledisloe cup with lomu scoring tries in both matches .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		at the end of 1996 , he was diagnosed with a rare and serious kidney disorder , which saw him take time off from the sport .		how much time off did he have to take ?		he did not play in the 1997 tri nations series , but he was included in the all blacks tour of the northern hemisphere at the end of the year .		did anything happen in 1997 ?		lomu played in the two warm up matches , scoring tries against wales ' a ' and emerging england .		did he play in 1998 ?		did jonah lomu play in 1998 ?
jonah lomu		1996 - 1998		what happened in 1996 ?		lomu played for the all blacks in matches against the touring samoa and scotland teams in june 1996 , scoring in one of the scottish matches .		did anything else happen in 1996 ?		following the world cup new zealand played australia home and away for the bledisloe cup with lomu scoring tries in both matches .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		at the end of 1996 , he was diagnosed with a rare and serious kidney disorder , which saw him take time off from the sport .		how much time off did he have to take ?		he did not play in the 1997 tri nations series , but he was included in the all blacks tour of the northern hemisphere at the end of the year .		did anything happen in 1997 ?		lomu played in the two warm up matches , scoring tries against wales ' a ' and emerging england .		did he play in 1998 ?		at the 1998 commonwealth games in kuala lumpur , he won a gold medal representing new zealand in the sevens rugby event .		did he win any other medals or trophies in any other year during 1996 - 1998 ?		did jonah lomu win any medals from 1996 - 1998 , other than the gold medal in 1998 ?
jonah lomu		1996 - 1998		what happened in 1996 ?		lomu played for the all blacks in matches against the touring samoa and scotland teams in june 1996 , scoring in one of the scottish matches .		did anything else happen in 1996 ?		following the world cup new zealand played australia home and away for the bledisloe cup with lomu scoring tries in both matches .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		at the end of 1996 , he was diagnosed with a rare and serious kidney disorder , which saw him take time off from the sport .		how much time off did he have to take ?		he did not play in the 1997 tri nations series , but he was included in the all blacks tour of the northern hemisphere at the end of the year .		did anything happen in 1997 ?		lomu played in the two warm up matches , scoring tries against wales ' a ' and emerging england .		did he play in 1998 ?		at the 1998 commonwealth games in kuala lumpur , he won a gold medal representing new zealand in the sevens rugby event .		did he win any other medals or trophies in any other year during 1996 - 1998 ?		i do n't know .		what happened when he returned to playing after his illness ?		what happened when jonah lomu returned to playing after his illness ?
ruhollah khomeini		death and funeral		when did he die ?		when did ruhollah khomeini die ?
ruhollah khomeini		death and funeral		when did he die ?		ruhollah khomeini died on 3 june 1989		how did he die ?		how did ruhollah khomeini die ?
ruhollah khomeini		death and funeral		when did he die ?		ruhollah khomeini died on 3 june 1989		how did he die ?		after suffering five heart attacks in just ten days ,		what happened in 10 days ?		what happened to ruhollah khomeini over 10 days in 1989 ?
ruhollah khomeini		death and funeral		when did he die ?		ruhollah khomeini died on 3 june 1989		how did he die ?		after suffering five heart attacks in just ten days ,		what happened in 10 days ?		after spending eleven days in jamaran hospital , ruhollah khomeini died on 3 june 1989 after suffering five heart attacks in just ten days ,		how old was he when he died ?		how old was ruhollah khomeini when he died ?
ruhollah khomeini		death and funeral		when did he die ?		ruhollah khomeini died on 3 june 1989		how did he die ?		after suffering five heart attacks in just ten days ,		what happened in 10 days ?		after spending eleven days in jamaran hospital , ruhollah khomeini died on 3 june 1989 after suffering five heart attacks in just ten days ,		how old was he when he died ?		died on 3 june 1989 after suffering five heart attacks in just ten days , at the age of 86		when was his funeral ?		when was ruhollah khomeini 's funeral ?
ruhollah khomeini		death and funeral		when did he die ?		ruhollah khomeini died on 3 june 1989		how did he die ?		after suffering five heart attacks in just ten days ,		what happened in 10 days ?		after spending eleven days in jamaran hospital , ruhollah khomeini died on 3 june 1989 after suffering five heart attacks in just ten days ,		how old was he when he died ?		died on 3 june 1989 after suffering five heart attacks in just ten days , at the age of 86		when was his funeral ?		11 june 1989 , for the funeral of ayatollah ruhollah khomeini .		did he have any family ?		did ruhollah khomeini have any family ?
ruhollah khomeini		death and funeral		when did he die ?		ruhollah khomeini died on 3 june 1989		how did he die ?		after suffering five heart attacks in just ten days ,		what happened in 10 days ?		after spending eleven days in jamaran hospital , ruhollah khomeini died on 3 june 1989 after suffering five heart attacks in just ten days ,		how old was he when he died ?		died on 3 june 1989 after suffering five heart attacks in just ten days , at the age of 86		when was his funeral ?		11 june 1989 , for the funeral of ayatollah ruhollah khomeini .		did he have any family ?		in 1995 , his son ahmad was buried next to him .		did he have a wife ?		did ruhollah khomeini have a wife ?
jennifer lopez		2003 - 2005 : gigli and rebirth		what was gigli ?		what was gigli ?
jennifer lopez		2003 - 2005 : gigli and rebirth		what was gigli ?		in august 2003 , lopez starred opposite affleck in the romantic comedy gigli . the film was a box office bomb ,		did it win a razzee award ?		did gigli win a razzee award ?
jennifer lopez		2003 - 2005 : gigli and rebirth		what was gigli ?		in august 2003 , lopez starred opposite affleck in the romantic comedy gigli . the film was a box office bomb ,		did it win a razzee award ?		i do n't know .		did it hurt her music career ?		did gigli hurt lopez 's music career ?
jennifer lopez		2003 - 2005 : gigli and rebirth		what was gigli ?		in august 2003 , lopez starred opposite affleck in the romantic comedy gigli . the film was a box office bomb ,		did it win a razzee award ?		i do n't know .		did it hurt her music career ?		after placing her career on hiatus , lopez released her fourth studio album , rebirth , in february 2005 .		how did rebirth do ?		how did rebirth do ?
jennifer lopez		2003 - 2005 : gigli and rebirth		what was gigli ?		in august 2003 , lopez starred opposite affleck in the romantic comedy gigli . the film was a box office bomb ,		did it win a razzee award ?		i do n't know .		did it hurt her music career ?		after placing her career on hiatus , lopez released her fourth studio album , rebirth , in february 2005 .		how did rebirth do ?		the album produced the single " get right " , which peaked at number one in the united kingdom .		did she tour for the record ?		did lopez"s tour for the record get right ?
jennifer lopez		2003 - 2005 : gigli and rebirth		what was gigli ?		in august 2003 , lopez starred opposite affleck in the romantic comedy gigli . the film was a box office bomb ,		did it win a razzee award ?		i do n't know .		did it hurt her music career ?		after placing her career on hiatus , lopez released her fourth studio album , rebirth , in february 2005 .		how did rebirth do ?		the album produced the single " get right " , which peaked at number one in the united kingdom .		did she tour for the record ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during this time ?		besides gigli and rebirth , what else happened during lopez 's career ?
jennifer lopez		2003 - 2005 : gigli and rebirth		what was gigli ?		in august 2003 , lopez starred opposite affleck in the romantic comedy gigli . the film was a box office bomb ,		did it win a razzee award ?		i do n't know .		did it hurt her music career ?		after placing her career on hiatus , lopez released her fourth studio album , rebirth , in february 2005 .		how did rebirth do ?		the album produced the single " get right " , which peaked at number one in the united kingdom .		did she tour for the record ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during this time ?		in may , she starred alongside jane fonda in the romantic comedy monster - in - law , for which she received a salary of $ 15 million .		how did that movie perform ?		how did monster - in - law perform ?
jennifer lopez		2003 - 2005 : gigli and rebirth		what was gigli ?		in august 2003 , lopez starred opposite affleck in the romantic comedy gigli . the film was a box office bomb ,		did it win a razzee award ?		i do n't know .		did it hurt her music career ?		after placing her career on hiatus , lopez released her fourth studio album , rebirth , in february 2005 .		how did rebirth do ?		the album produced the single " get right " , which peaked at number one in the united kingdom .		did she tour for the record ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during this time ?		in may , she starred alongside jane fonda in the romantic comedy monster - in - law , for which she received a salary of $ 15 million .		how did that movie perform ?		the film 's marketing played up lopez 's " gigli - and - tabloid tarnished image " , and it became a box office success .		did her career improve after that ?		did lopez career improve after gigli - and - tabloid tarnished image became a box office success ?
jennifer lopez		2003 - 2005 : gigli and rebirth		what was gigli ?		in august 2003 , lopez starred opposite affleck in the romantic comedy gigli . the film was a box office bomb ,		did it win a razzee award ?		i do n't know .		did it hurt her music career ?		after placing her career on hiatus , lopez released her fourth studio album , rebirth , in february 2005 .		how did rebirth do ?		the album produced the single " get right " , which peaked at number one in the united kingdom .		did she tour for the record ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during this time ?		in may , she starred alongside jane fonda in the romantic comedy monster - in - law , for which she received a salary of $ 15 million .		how did that movie perform ?		the film 's marketing played up lopez 's " gigli - and - tabloid tarnished image " , and it became a box office success .		did her career improve after that ?		i do n't know .		did that movie do well ?		did gigli - and - tabloid tarnished image do well ?
gisele bndchen		wealth		did he have tremendous wealth ?		did gisele bndchen have tremendous wealth ?
gisele bndchen		wealth		did he have tremendous wealth ?		forbes estimated bundchen 's 2016 income at $ 30.5 million .		was he happy with this/		was gisele bndchen happy with his income of $ 30.5 million ?
gisele bndchen		wealth		did he have tremendous wealth ?		forbes estimated bundchen 's 2016 income at $ 30.5 million .		was he happy with this/		she ranked third on the 20 youngest power women of 2011 list at age 31 .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than gisele bndchen 's tremendous wealth , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
gisele bndchen		wealth		did he have tremendous wealth ?		forbes estimated bundchen 's 2016 income at $ 30.5 million .		was he happy with this/		she ranked third on the 20 youngest power women of 2011 list at age 31 .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		bundchen , however , disputes the number , telling wsj .		what does he say ?		what does gisele bndchen say about his income ?
gisele bndchen		wealth		did he have tremendous wealth ?		forbes estimated bundchen 's 2016 income at $ 30.5 million .		was he happy with this/		she ranked third on the 20 youngest power women of 2011 list at age 31 .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		bundchen , however , disputes the number , telling wsj .		what does he say ?		who are they speaking to when they come up with these numbers ? not my accountant , that 's for sure . "		what does he actually make ?		what salary gisele bndchen actually make ?
gisele bndchen		wealth		did he have tremendous wealth ?		forbes estimated bundchen 's 2016 income at $ 30.5 million .		was he happy with this/		she ranked third on the 20 youngest power women of 2011 list at age 31 .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		bundchen , however , disputes the number , telling wsj .		what does he say ?		who are they speaking to when they come up with these numbers ? not my accountant , that 's for sure . "		what does he actually make ?		i do n't know .		was he the wealthiest person ?		was gisele bndchen the wealthiest person ?
john hartson		luton town and arsenal		in what year did john hartson join luton town ?		in what year did john hartson join luton town ?
john hartson		luton town and arsenal		in what year did john hartson join luton town ?		1992		did john hartson play for arsenal ?		did john hartson play for arsenal ?
john hartson		luton town and arsenal		in what year did john hartson join luton town ?		1992		did john hartson play for arsenal ?		in january 1995 , at 19 , he joined arsenal		how many goals did he score in his arsenal career ?		how many goals did john hartson score in his arsenal career ?
john hartson		luton town and arsenal		in what year did john hartson join luton town ?		1992		did john hartson play for arsenal ?		in january 1995 , at 19 , he joined arsenal		how many goals did he score in his arsenal career ?		i do n't know .		what year did he leave arsenal ?		what year did john hartson leave arsenal ?
john hartson		luton town and arsenal		in what year did john hartson join luton town ?		1992		did john hartson play for arsenal ?		in january 1995 , at 19 , he joined arsenal		how many goals did he score in his arsenal career ?		i do n't know .		what year did he leave arsenal ?		in february 1997		what position did he play at arsenal ?		what position did john hartson play at arsenal ?
john hartson		luton town and arsenal		in what year did john hartson join luton town ?		1992		did john hartson play for arsenal ?		in january 1995 , at 19 , he joined arsenal		how many goals did he score in his arsenal career ?		i do n't know .		what year did he leave arsenal ?		in february 1997		what position did he play at arsenal ?		strike - partner		did arsenal win a championship while hartson was at arsenal ?		did arsenal win a championship while john hartson was at arsenal ?
psylocke		resurrection		what was the resurrection of ?		what was the resurrection of ?
psylocke		resurrection		what was the resurrection of ?		one year after her death , betsy awoke where she had died ,		how did she die ?		how did psylocke die ?
psylocke		resurrection		what was the resurrection of ?		one year after her death , betsy awoke where she had died ,		how did she die ?		i do n't know .		what did she do once reunited ?		what did psylocke do once reunited ?
psylocke		resurrection		what was the resurrection of ?		one year after her death , betsy awoke where she had died ,		how did she die ?		i do n't know .		what did she do once reunited ?		reunited with the x - men , helping them against the saurian hauk'ka , and mojo and spiral .		how did she help them ?		how did psylocke help x - men ?
psylocke		resurrection		what was the resurrection of ?		one year after her death , betsy awoke where she had died ,		how did she die ?		i do n't know .		what did she do once reunited ?		reunited with the x - men , helping them against the saurian hauk'ka , and mojo and spiral .		how did she help them ?		but helped defeat them before they could kill rachel grey .		who resurrected her ?		who resurrected psylocke ?
psylocke		resurrection		what was the resurrection of ?		one year after her death , betsy awoke where she had died ,		how did she die ?		i do n't know .		what did she do once reunited ?		reunited with the x - men , helping them against the saurian hauk'ka , and mojo and spiral .		how did she help them ?		but helped defeat them before they could kill rachel grey .		who resurrected her ?		i do n't know .		what was notable about her resuurection ?		what was notable about psylocke 's resuurection ?
susilo bambang yudhoyono		family		where is he from		where is susilo bambang yudhoyono from ?
susilo bambang yudhoyono		family		where is he from		yudhoyono lives both in the presidential merdeka palace in jakarta		does his family live with him in the presidential residence		does susilo bambang yudhoyono 's family live with him in the presidential merdeka palace in jakarta ?
susilo bambang yudhoyono		family		where is he from		yudhoyono lives both in the presidential merdeka palace in jakarta		does his family live with him in the presidential residence		and his family residence in cikeas , bogor with his wife ,		does he have any children		does susilo bambang yudhoyono have any children ?
susilo bambang yudhoyono		family		where is he from		yudhoyono lives both in the presidential merdeka palace in jakarta		does his family live with him in the presidential residence		and his family residence in cikeas , bogor with his wife ,		does he have any children		the family 's eldest son , major agus harimurti yudhoyono		were there any more children		aside from susilo bambang yudhoyono 's eldest son , major agus harimurti yudhoyono , were there any more children ?
susilo bambang yudhoyono		family		where is he from		yudhoyono lives both in the presidential merdeka palace in jakarta		does his family live with him in the presidential residence		and his family residence in cikeas , bogor with his wife ,		does he have any children		the family 's eldest son , major agus harimurti yudhoyono		were there any more children		the family 's younger son ,		who is his wife		who is susilo bambang yudhoyono 's wife ?
susilo bambang yudhoyono		family		where is he from		yudhoyono lives both in the presidential merdeka palace in jakarta		does his family live with him in the presidential residence		and his family residence in cikeas , bogor with his wife ,		does he have any children		the family 's eldest son , major agus harimurti yudhoyono		were there any more children		the family 's younger son ,		who is his wife		ani bambang yudhoyono .		what was her job		what was ani bambang yudhoyono 's job ?
susilo bambang yudhoyono		family		where is he from		yudhoyono lives both in the presidential merdeka palace in jakarta		does his family live with him in the presidential residence		and his family residence in cikeas , bogor with his wife ,		does he have any children		the family 's eldest son , major agus harimurti yudhoyono		were there any more children		the family 's younger son ,		who is his wife		ani bambang yudhoyono .		what was her job		the first vice - chairman of her husband 's democratic party .		is there anything else interesting		aside from living in the presidential merdeka palace and the family residence in cikeas , yudhoyono 's eldest son major agus harimurti yudhoyono and the family 's younger son , and yudhoyono 's wife ani bambang yudhoyono , the first vice - chairman of yudhoyono 's democratic party , is there anything else interesting about the family of susilo bambang yudhoyono ?
susilo bambang yudhoyono		family		where is he from		yudhoyono lives both in the presidential merdeka palace in jakarta		does his family live with him in the presidential residence		and his family residence in cikeas , bogor with his wife ,		does he have any children		the family 's eldest son , major agus harimurti yudhoyono		were there any more children		the family 's younger son ,		who is his wife		ani bambang yudhoyono .		what was her job		the first vice - chairman of her husband 's democratic party .		is there anything else interesting		the family 's eldest son , major agus harimurti yudhoyono ( born 1978 ) , graduated from taruna nusantara high school in 1997		did he go into politics like his father		did susilo bambang yudhoyono go into politics like his father ?
susilo bambang yudhoyono		family		where is he from		yudhoyono lives both in the presidential merdeka palace in jakarta		does his family live with him in the presidential residence		and his family residence in cikeas , bogor with his wife ,		does he have any children		the family 's eldest son , major agus harimurti yudhoyono		were there any more children		the family 's younger son ,		who is his wife		ani bambang yudhoyono .		what was her job		the first vice - chairman of her husband 's democratic party .		is there anything else interesting		the family 's eldest son , major agus harimurti yudhoyono ( born 1978 ) , graduated from taruna nusantara high school in 1997		did he go into politics like his father		continuing family tradition as the best graduate of the military academy .		what of the boys did they get married		did any of susilo bambang yudhoyono 's sons get married ?
susilo bambang yudhoyono		family		where is he from		yudhoyono lives both in the presidential merdeka palace in jakarta		does his family live with him in the presidential residence		and his family residence in cikeas , bogor with his wife ,		does he have any children		the family 's eldest son , major agus harimurti yudhoyono		were there any more children		the family 's younger son ,		who is his wife		ani bambang yudhoyono .		what was her job		the first vice - chairman of her husband 's democratic party .		is there anything else interesting		the family 's eldest son , major agus harimurti yudhoyono ( born 1978 ) , graduated from taruna nusantara high school in 1997		did he go into politics like his father		continuing family tradition as the best graduate of the military academy .		what of the boys did they get married		major agus harimurti yudhoyono		where did susilo go to school		where did susilo bambang yudhoyono go to school ?
susilo bambang yudhoyono		family		where is he from		yudhoyono lives both in the presidential merdeka palace in jakarta		does his family live with him in the presidential residence		and his family residence in cikeas , bogor with his wife ,		does he have any children		the family 's eldest son , major agus harimurti yudhoyono		were there any more children		the family 's younger son ,		who is his wife		ani bambang yudhoyono .		what was her job		the first vice - chairman of her husband 's democratic party .		is there anything else interesting		the family 's eldest son , major agus harimurti yudhoyono ( born 1978 ) , graduated from taruna nusantara high school in 1997		did he go into politics like his father		continuing family tradition as the best graduate of the military academy .		what of the boys did they get married		major agus harimurti yudhoyono		where did susilo go to school		i do n't know .		where did his wife go to school		where did susilo bambang yudhoyono 's wife , ani bambang yudhoyono , go to school ?
selena gomez		endorsements		what endorsments did gomez have		what endorsements did selena gomez have ?
selena gomez		endorsements		what endorsments did gomez have		in 2009 , gomez was part of sears 's back - to - school fashion campaign and was featured in television commercials .		what other brands did she work with ?		other than sears , what other brands did selena gomez work with ?
selena gomez		endorsements		what endorsments did gomez have		in 2009 , gomez was part of sears 's back - to - school fashion campaign and was featured in television commercials .		what other brands did she work with ?		from 2010 to 2014 , gomez released her own clothing line , dream out loud by selena gomez , through retailer kmart .		what other advertisments was she featured on ?		besides sears and kmart , what other advertisements was selena gomez featured on ?
selena gomez		endorsements		what endorsments did gomez have		in 2009 , gomez was part of sears 's back - to - school fashion campaign and was featured in television commercials .		what other brands did she work with ?		from 2010 to 2014 , gomez released her own clothing line , dream out loud by selena gomez , through retailer kmart .		what other advertisments was she featured on ?		it was also announced that she would partner with the cellphone brand , case - mate , as part of its upcoming " right case , right occasion " marketing		what other campaigns was she involved in ?		in addition to case - mate , sears and kmart , what other campaigns was selena gomez involved in ?
selena gomez		endorsements		what endorsments did gomez have		in 2009 , gomez was part of sears 's back - to - school fashion campaign and was featured in television commercials .		what other brands did she work with ?		from 2010 to 2014 , gomez released her own clothing line , dream out loud by selena gomez , through retailer kmart .		what other advertisments was she featured on ?		it was also announced that she would partner with the cellphone brand , case - mate , as part of its upcoming " right case , right occasion " marketing		what other campaigns was she involved in ?		from 2013 to 2015 , gomez was a spokesperson and partner for neo by adidas .		what other brands did she advertise ?		aside from sears , kmart , case - mate and neo by adidas , what other brands did selena gomez advertise ?
senses fail		pull the thorns from your heart , touring replacements , side projects ( 2014 - 2016 )		when was pull the thorns from your heart released ?		when was pull the thorns from your heart released ?
senses fail		pull the thorns from your heart , touring replacements , side projects ( 2014 - 2016 )		when was pull the thorns from your heart released ?		pull the thorns from your heart was released on june 30 , 2015 .		were there any singles released from it ?		were there any singles released from pull the thorns from your heart ?
senses fail		pull the thorns from your heart , touring replacements , side projects ( 2014 - 2016 )		when was pull the thorns from your heart released ?		pull the thorns from your heart was released on june 30 , 2015 .		were there any singles released from it ?		i do n't know .		who produced it ?		who produced pull the thorns from your heart ?
senses fail		pull the thorns from your heart , touring replacements , side projects ( 2014 - 2016 )		when was pull the thorns from your heart released ?		pull the thorns from your heart was released on june 30 , 2015 .		were there any singles released from it ?		i do n't know .		who produced it ?		pure noise records .		who were the touring replacements ?		who were the touring replacements ?
senses fail		pull the thorns from your heart , touring replacements , side projects ( 2014 - 2016 )		when was pull the thorns from your heart released ?		pull the thorns from your heart was released on june 30 , 2015 .		were there any singles released from it ?		i do n't know .		who produced it ?		pure noise records .		who were the touring replacements ?		guitarist matt smith was absent due to the birth of his first child .		who replaced matt smith ?		who replaced matt smith ?
senses fail		pull the thorns from your heart , touring replacements , side projects ( 2014 - 2016 )		when was pull the thorns from your heart released ?		pull the thorns from your heart was released on june 30 , 2015 .		were there any singles released from it ?		i do n't know .		who produced it ?		pure noise records .		who were the touring replacements ?		guitarist matt smith was absent due to the birth of his first child .		who replaced matt smith ?		bassist gavin caswell took over rhythm guitar duties live ,		were there other changes to personnel ?		besides bassist gavin caswell were there other changes to personnel ?
senses fail		pull the thorns from your heart , touring replacements , side projects ( 2014 - 2016 )		when was pull the thorns from your heart released ?		pull the thorns from your heart was released on june 30 , 2015 .		were there any singles released from it ?		i do n't know .		who produced it ?		pure noise records .		who were the touring replacements ?		guitarist matt smith was absent due to the birth of his first child .		who replaced matt smith ?		bassist gavin caswell took over rhythm guitar duties live ,		were there other changes to personnel ?		zack roach returned home for the birth of his child ,		who replaced zack roach on the tour ?		who replaced zack roach on the tour ?
senses fail		pull the thorns from your heart , touring replacements , side projects ( 2014 - 2016 )		when was pull the thorns from your heart released ?		pull the thorns from your heart was released on june 30 , 2015 .		were there any singles released from it ?		i do n't know .		who produced it ?		pure noise records .		who were the touring replacements ?		guitarist matt smith was absent due to the birth of his first child .		who replaced matt smith ?		bassist gavin caswell took over rhythm guitar duties live ,		were there other changes to personnel ?		zack roach returned home for the birth of his child ,		who replaced zack roach on the tour ?		jason millbank filling the role of lead guitarist .		what were some of the band 's side projects ?		what were some of senses fail 's side projects ?
senses fail		pull the thorns from your heart , touring replacements , side projects ( 2014 - 2016 )		when was pull the thorns from your heart released ?		pull the thorns from your heart was released on june 30 , 2015 .		were there any singles released from it ?		i do n't know .		who produced it ?		pure noise records .		who were the touring replacements ?		guitarist matt smith was absent due to the birth of his first child .		who replaced matt smith ?		bassist gavin caswell took over rhythm guitar duties live ,		were there other changes to personnel ?		zack roach returned home for the birth of his child ,		who replaced zack roach on the tour ?		jason millbank filling the role of lead guitarist .		what were some of the band 's side projects ?		buddy nielsen announced that he had formed a new band called speak the truth ... even if your voice shakes .		did that band make any recordings ?		did speak the truth ... even if your voice shakes make any recordings ?
senses fail		pull the thorns from your heart , touring replacements , side projects ( 2014 - 2016 )		when was pull the thorns from your heart released ?		pull the thorns from your heart was released on june 30 , 2015 .		were there any singles released from it ?		i do n't know .		who produced it ?		pure noise records .		who were the touring replacements ?		guitarist matt smith was absent due to the birth of his first child .		who replaced matt smith ?		bassist gavin caswell took over rhythm guitar duties live ,		were there other changes to personnel ?		zack roach returned home for the birth of his child ,		who replaced zack roach on the tour ?		jason millbank filling the role of lead guitarist .		what were some of the band 's side projects ?		buddy nielsen announced that he had formed a new band called speak the truth ... even if your voice shakes .		did that band make any recordings ?		they released their debut , self - titled 7 " on november 4 , 2016 via bad timing records .		how was that received by critics ?		how was speak the truth ... even if your voice shakes received by critics ?
throwdown ( band )		early years ( 1997 - 2002 )		what was the band doing in 1997 ?		what was the band throwdown doing in 1997 ?
throwdown ( band )		early years ( 1997 - 2002 )		what was the band doing in 1997 ?		throwdown was formed in 1997		who were the original members ?		who were the original members of throwdown ?
throwdown ( band )		early years ( 1997 - 2002 )		what was the band doing in 1997 ?		throwdown was formed in 1997		who were the original members ?		visions , guitarists tommy love and javier van huss , bassist dom macaluso , and drummer marc jackson .		where were some of their first gigs ?		where were some of throwdown 's first gigs ?
throwdown ( band )		early years ( 1997 - 2002 )		what was the band doing in 1997 ?		throwdown was formed in 1997		who were the original members ?		visions , guitarists tommy love and javier van huss , bassist dom macaluso , and drummer marc jackson .		where were some of their first gigs ?		the band released their debut , self - titled 7-inch single that same year through prime directive records .		did they have an personnel changes over those first years ?		did throwdown have an personnel changes over the first years ?
throwdown ( band )		early years ( 1997 - 2002 )		what was the band doing in 1997 ?		throwdown was formed in 1997		who were the original members ?		visions , guitarists tommy love and javier van huss , bassist dom macaluso , and drummer marc jackson .		where were some of their first gigs ?		the band released their debut , self - titled 7-inch single that same year through prime directive records .		did they have an personnel changes over those first years ?		van huss left the band , and was replaced by brandan schieppati .		were those the only changes in this first years ?		was van huss being replaced by brandan schieppati , the only changes in throwdown during the first years ?
throwdown ( band )		early years ( 1997 - 2002 )		what was the band doing in 1997 ?		throwdown was formed in 1997		who were the original members ?		visions , guitarists tommy love and javier van huss , bassist dom macaluso , and drummer marc jackson .		where were some of their first gigs ?		the band released their debut , self - titled 7-inch single that same year through prime directive records .		did they have an personnel changes over those first years ?		van huss left the band , and was replaced by brandan schieppati .		were those the only changes in this first years ?		schieppati left the band to concentrate full - time on his other band bleeding through , being replaced by dave peters .		was the band very popular at first ?		was throwdown very popular at first ?
throwdown ( band )		early years ( 1997 - 2002 )		what was the band doing in 1997 ?		throwdown was formed in 1997		who were the original members ?		visions , guitarists tommy love and javier van huss , bassist dom macaluso , and drummer marc jackson .		where were some of their first gigs ?		the band released their debut , self - titled 7-inch single that same year through prime directive records .		did they have an personnel changes over those first years ?		van huss left the band , and was replaced by brandan schieppati .		were those the only changes in this first years ?		schieppati left the band to concentrate full - time on his other band bleeding through , being replaced by dave peters .		was the band very popular at first ?		i do n't know .		did the band get a recording contract in those early years ?		did throwdown get a recording contract in the early years ?
throwdown ( band )		early years ( 1997 - 2002 )		what was the band doing in 1997 ?		throwdown was formed in 1997		who were the original members ?		visions , guitarists tommy love and javier van huss , bassist dom macaluso , and drummer marc jackson .		where were some of their first gigs ?		the band released their debut , self - titled 7-inch single that same year through prime directive records .		did they have an personnel changes over those first years ?		van huss left the band , and was replaced by brandan schieppati .		were those the only changes in this first years ?		schieppati left the band to concentrate full - time on his other band bleeding through , being replaced by dave peters .		was the band very popular at first ?		i do n't know .		did the band get a recording contract in those early years ?		after sign a recording contract with indecision records , the band released their first studio album beyond repair the following year . in 1999 ,		how long was it before they release a second album ?		after releasing " beyond repair " , how long was it before throwdown released a second album ?
throwdown ( band )		early years ( 1997 - 2002 )		what was the band doing in 1997 ?		throwdown was formed in 1997		who were the original members ?		visions , guitarists tommy love and javier van huss , bassist dom macaluso , and drummer marc jackson .		where were some of their first gigs ?		the band released their debut , self - titled 7-inch single that same year through prime directive records .		did they have an personnel changes over those first years ?		van huss left the band , and was replaced by brandan schieppati .		were those the only changes in this first years ?		schieppati left the band to concentrate full - time on his other band bleeding through , being replaced by dave peters .		was the band very popular at first ?		i do n't know .		did the band get a recording contract in those early years ?		after sign a recording contract with indecision records , the band released their first studio album beyond repair the following year . in 1999 ,		how long was it before they release a second album ?		in 2001 , throwdown released their second studio album , you do n't have to be blood to be family .		how many of those albums did they sell ?		how many " you do n't have to be blood to be family " albums did throwdown sell ?
information society ( band )		do n't be afraid and cleopatra records		what is do n't be afraid ?		what is do n't be afraid ?
information society ( band )		do n't be afraid and cleopatra records		what is do n't be afraid ?		in 1997 the band released a fourth album , do n't be afraid ( 1997 ) .		did the album have any hit singles ?		did the album do n't be afraid have any hit singles ?
information society ( band )		do n't be afraid and cleopatra records		what is do n't be afraid ?		in 1997 the band released a fourth album , do n't be afraid ( 1997 ) .		did the album have any hit singles ?		also included is " ozar midrashim " , later used as the main theme for the videogame soul reaver .		did they tour for this album ?		did information society tour for the album do n't be afraid ?
information society ( band )		do n't be afraid and cleopatra records		what is do n't be afraid ?		in 1997 the band released a fourth album , do n't be afraid ( 1997 ) .		did the album have any hit singles ?		also included is " ozar midrashim " , later used as the main theme for the videogame soul reaver .		did they tour for this album ?		i do n't know .		what can you tell me about cleopatra records ?		what can you tell me about cleopatra records ?
information society ( band )		do n't be afraid and cleopatra records		what is do n't be afraid ?		in 1997 the band released a fourth album , do n't be afraid ( 1997 ) .		did the album have any hit singles ?		also included is " ozar midrashim " , later used as the main theme for the videogame soul reaver .		did they tour for this album ?		i do n't know .		what can you tell me about cleopatra records ?		cleopatra records released the album , but -- like tommy boy records -- did little to promote it .		did anything else significant happen during this time period ?		did anything else significant happen regarding the band information society , besides release of the do n't be afraid , during late 90 's ?
information society ( band )		do n't be afraid and cleopatra records		what is do n't be afraid ?		in 1997 the band released a fourth album , do n't be afraid ( 1997 ) .		did the album have any hit singles ?		also included is " ozar midrashim " , later used as the main theme for the videogame soul reaver .		did they tour for this album ?		i do n't know .		what can you tell me about cleopatra records ?		cleopatra records released the album , but -- like tommy boy records -- did little to promote it .		did anything else significant happen during this time period ?		a remix album , insoc recombinant ( 1999 ) , was produced , featuring vocals to the band 's earlier hits remixed by various artists .		did they receive any awards or honors ?		did information society receive any awards or honors ?
alan partridge		character		what was special about his character ?		what was special about alan partridge ?
alan partridge		character		what was special about his character ?		he is socially inept , often offending his guests , and has an inflated sense of importance and celebrity .		what did others think of him ?		what did others think of alan partridge ?
alan partridge		character		what was special about his character ?		he is socially inept , often offending his guests , and has an inflated sense of importance and celebrity .		what did others think of him ?		felicity montagu , who plays partridge 's assistant lynn , felt he was a good person " deep down " and actually " vulnerable and lovable " .		what else was interesting about his character ?		besides being " vulnerable and lovable " , what else was interesting about alan partridge ?
alan partridge		character		what was special about his character ?		he is socially inept , often offending his guests , and has an inflated sense of importance and celebrity .		what did others think of him ?		felicity montagu , who plays partridge 's assistant lynn , felt he was a good person " deep down " and actually " vulnerable and lovable " .		what else was interesting about his character ?		his need for public attention drives him to deceit , treachery and shameless self - promotion , and sometimes violence ;		was there more to his character ?		was there more to the character , alan partridge ?
alan partridge		character		what was special about his character ?		he is socially inept , often offending his guests , and has an inflated sense of importance and celebrity .		what did others think of him ?		felicity montagu , who plays partridge 's assistant lynn , felt he was a good person " deep down " and actually " vulnerable and lovable " .		what else was interesting about his character ?		his need for public attention drives him to deceit , treachery and shameless self - promotion , and sometimes violence ;		was there more to his character ?		earlier versions of the character were more bigoted , but the writers found there was more humour in having him attempt to be liberal ;		did his character change in other ways ?		other than changing him from bigoted to liberal , did alan partridge change in other ways ?
william shockley		shockley semiconductor		what did shockley 's semiconductor do ?		what did shockley 's semiconductor do ?
william shockley		shockley semiconductor		what did shockley 's semiconductor do ?		the company , a division of beckman instruments , inc. , was the first establishment working on silicon semiconductor devices in what came to be known as silicon valley .		what year was the semiconductor made ?		what year was shockley 's semiconductor made ?
william shockley		shockley semiconductor		what did shockley 's semiconductor do ?		the company , a division of beckman instruments , inc. , was the first establishment working on silicon semiconductor devices in what came to be known as silicon valley .		what year was the semiconductor made ?		in 1956		did he win any awards for this ?		did shockley win any awards for his semiconductor innovation ?
william shockley		shockley semiconductor		what did shockley 's semiconductor do ?		the company , a division of beckman instruments , inc. , was the first establishment working on silicon semiconductor devices in what came to be known as silicon valley .		what year was the semiconductor made ?		in 1956		did he win any awards for this ?		nobel prize in 1956		who did shockley work with ?		who did shockley work with ?
william shockley		shockley semiconductor		what did shockley 's semiconductor do ?		the company , a division of beckman instruments , inc. , was the first establishment working on silicon semiconductor devices in what came to be known as silicon valley .		what year was the semiconductor made ?		in 1956		did he win any awards for this ?		nobel prize in 1956		who did shockley work with ?		in late 1957 , eight of shockley 's researchers , who would come to be known as the " traitorous eight " ,		why were they called that ?		why were shockley 's researchers called traitorous eight ?
william shockley		shockley semiconductor		what did shockley 's semiconductor do ?		the company , a division of beckman instruments , inc. , was the first establishment working on silicon semiconductor devices in what came to be known as silicon valley .		what year was the semiconductor made ?		in 1956		did he win any awards for this ?		nobel prize in 1956		who did shockley work with ?		in late 1957 , eight of shockley 's researchers , who would come to be known as the " traitorous eight " ,		why were they called that ?		they went on to form fairchild semiconductor , a loss from which shockley semiconductor never recovered .		where the plans for that conductor stolen from shockley ?		were the plans for shockley semiconductor stolen from shockley ?
william shockley		shockley semiconductor		what did shockley 's semiconductor do ?		the company , a division of beckman instruments , inc. , was the first establishment working on silicon semiconductor devices in what came to be known as silicon valley .		what year was the semiconductor made ?		in 1956		did he win any awards for this ?		nobel prize in 1956		who did shockley work with ?		in late 1957 , eight of shockley 's researchers , who would come to be known as the " traitorous eight " ,		why were they called that ?		they went on to form fairchild semiconductor , a loss from which shockley semiconductor never recovered .		where the plans for that conductor stolen from shockley ?		i do n't know .		did shockley invent anything else ?		besides the semiconductor , did shockley invent anything else ?
william shockley		shockley semiconductor		what did shockley 's semiconductor do ?		the company , a division of beckman instruments , inc. , was the first establishment working on silicon semiconductor devices in what came to be known as silicon valley .		what year was the semiconductor made ?		in 1956		did he win any awards for this ?		nobel prize in 1956		who did shockley work with ?		in late 1957 , eight of shockley 's researchers , who would come to be known as the " traitorous eight " ,		why were they called that ?		they went on to form fairchild semiconductor , a loss from which shockley semiconductor never recovered .		where the plans for that conductor stolen from shockley ?		i do n't know .		did shockley invent anything else ?		i do n't know .		what else did shockley do after 1957 ?		aside from inventing shockley semiconductor , what else did shockley do after 1957 ?
victoria beckham		power and influence		in what ways was victoria beckham powerful ?		in what ways was victoria beckham powerful ?
victoria beckham		power and influence		in what ways was victoria beckham powerful ?		it was reported that beckham was the 52nd richest woman in britain		how much was she worth ?		how much was victoria beckham worth ?
victoria beckham		power and influence		in what ways was victoria beckham powerful ?		it was reported that beckham was the 52nd richest woman in britain		how much was she worth ?		( $ 225 million ) .		how did she earn her wealth ?		how did victoria beckham earn her wealth ?
victoria beckham		power and influence		in what ways was victoria beckham powerful ?		it was reported that beckham was the 52nd richest woman in britain		how much was she worth ?		( $ 225 million ) .		how did she earn her wealth ?		beckham ventures , a company linked to the victoria beckham fashion business , was the best performing brand in the family 's three businesses		did she do any charity work ?		did victoria beckham do any charity work ?
victoria beckham		power and influence		in what ways was victoria beckham powerful ?		it was reported that beckham was the 52nd richest woman in britain		how much was she worth ?		( $ 225 million ) .		how did she earn her wealth ?		beckham ventures , a company linked to the victoria beckham fashion business , was the best performing brand in the family 's three businesses		did she do any charity work ?		beckhams 's charity work with save the children earned her a nomination for the do something with style award ,		how did she earn the award ?		how did victoria beckham earn the do something with style award ?
victoria beckham		power and influence		in what ways was victoria beckham powerful ?		it was reported that beckham was the 52nd richest woman in britain		how much was she worth ?		( $ 225 million ) .		how did she earn her wealth ?		beckham ventures , a company linked to the victoria beckham fashion business , was the best performing brand in the family 's three businesses		did she do any charity work ?		beckhams 's charity work with save the children earned her a nomination for the do something with style award ,		how did she earn the award ?		charity work with save the children		what else did she do ?		besides charity work , what else did victoria beckham do ?
victoria beckham		power and influence		in what ways was victoria beckham powerful ?		it was reported that beckham was the 52nd richest woman in britain		how much was she worth ?		( $ 225 million ) .		how did she earn her wealth ?		beckham ventures , a company linked to the victoria beckham fashion business , was the best performing brand in the family 's three businesses		did she do any charity work ?		beckhams 's charity work with save the children earned her a nomination for the do something with style award ,		how did she earn the award ?		charity work with save the children		what else did she do ?		beckham promotes faux / synthetic furs . her stand against the fur industry generated praise from animal rights organisations ,		which animal rights organizations ?		which animal rights organizations did victoria beckham generate praise from ?
victoria beckham		power and influence		in what ways was victoria beckham powerful ?		it was reported that beckham was the 52nd richest woman in britain		how much was she worth ?		( $ 225 million ) .		how did she earn her wealth ?		beckham ventures , a company linked to the victoria beckham fashion business , was the best performing brand in the family 's three businesses		did she do any charity work ?		beckhams 's charity work with save the children earned her a nomination for the do something with style award ,		how did she earn the award ?		charity work with save the children		what else did she do ?		beckham promotes faux / synthetic furs . her stand against the fur industry generated praise from animal rights organisations ,		which animal rights organizations ?		peta .		did she work with any other charitable organizations ?		besides peta , did victoria beckham work with any other charitable organizations ?
victoria beckham		power and influence		in what ways was victoria beckham powerful ?		it was reported that beckham was the 52nd richest woman in britain		how much was she worth ?		( $ 225 million ) .		how did she earn her wealth ?		beckham ventures , a company linked to the victoria beckham fashion business , was the best performing brand in the family 's three businesses		did she do any charity work ?		beckhams 's charity work with save the children earned her a nomination for the do something with style award ,		how did she earn the award ?		charity work with save the children		what else did she do ?		beckham promotes faux / synthetic furs . her stand against the fur industry generated praise from animal rights organisations ,		which animal rights organizations ?		peta .		did she work with any other charitable organizations ?		in 2014 , beckham joined the ban bossy campaign		what was the ban bossy campaign ?		what was the ban bossy campaign ?
victoria beckham		power and influence		in what ways was victoria beckham powerful ?		it was reported that beckham was the 52nd richest woman in britain		how much was she worth ?		( $ 225 million ) .		how did she earn her wealth ?		beckham ventures , a company linked to the victoria beckham fashion business , was the best performing brand in the family 's three businesses		did she do any charity work ?		beckhams 's charity work with save the children earned her a nomination for the do something with style award ,		how did she earn the award ?		charity work with save the children		what else did she do ?		beckham promotes faux / synthetic furs . her stand against the fur industry generated praise from animal rights organisations ,		which animal rights organizations ?		peta .		did she work with any other charitable organizations ?		in 2014 , beckham joined the ban bossy campaign		what was the ban bossy campaign ?		advocating leadership roles for girls .		were there any controversies ?		were there any controversies involving victoria bekcham ?
victoria beckham		power and influence		in what ways was victoria beckham powerful ?		it was reported that beckham was the 52nd richest woman in britain		how much was she worth ?		( $ 225 million ) .		how did she earn her wealth ?		beckham ventures , a company linked to the victoria beckham fashion business , was the best performing brand in the family 's three businesses		did she do any charity work ?		beckhams 's charity work with save the children earned her a nomination for the do something with style award ,		how did she earn the award ?		charity work with save the children		what else did she do ?		beckham promotes faux / synthetic furs . her stand against the fur industry generated praise from animal rights organisations ,		which animal rights organizations ?		peta .		did she work with any other charitable organizations ?		in 2014 , beckham joined the ban bossy campaign		what was the ban bossy campaign ?		advocating leadership roles for girls .		were there any controversies ?		beckham was appointed officer of the order of the british empire		when did this happen ?		when did victoria beckham get appointed to officer of the order of the british empire ?
victoria beckham		power and influence		in what ways was victoria beckham powerful ?		it was reported that beckham was the 52nd richest woman in britain		how much was she worth ?		( $ 225 million ) .		how did she earn her wealth ?		beckham ventures , a company linked to the victoria beckham fashion business , was the best performing brand in the family 's three businesses		did she do any charity work ?		beckhams 's charity work with save the children earned her a nomination for the do something with style award ,		how did she earn the award ?		charity work with save the children		what else did she do ?		beckham promotes faux / synthetic furs . her stand against the fur industry generated praise from animal rights organisations ,		which animal rights organizations ?		peta .		did she work with any other charitable organizations ?		in 2014 , beckham joined the ban bossy campaign		what was the ban bossy campaign ?		advocating leadership roles for girls .		were there any controversies ?		beckham was appointed officer of the order of the british empire		when did this happen ?		2017		why was she appointed ?		why was victoria beckham appointed to officer of the order of the british empire ?
windham wyndham - quin , 4th earl of dunraven and mount - earl		boer war and the sharpshoooters		how did the boer war start ?		how did the boer war start ?
windham wyndham - quin , 4th earl of dunraven and mount - earl		boer war and the sharpshoooters		how did the boer war start ?		during the early stages of the south african war 1899 - 1902 , the british army suffered defeats at the hands of the boer commandos ,		what were the boer commandos ?		what were the boer commandos ?
windham wyndham - quin , 4th earl of dunraven and mount - earl		boer war and the sharpshoooters		how did the boer war start ?		during the early stages of the south african war 1899 - 1902 , the british army suffered defeats at the hands of the boer commandos ,		what were the boer commandos ?		boer commandos , composed of men who were first - class shots and good horsemen .		who were the sharpshooters ?		who were the sharpshooters in the boer war ?
windham wyndham - quin , 4th earl of dunraven and mount - earl		boer war and the sharpshoooters		how did the boer war start ?		during the early stages of the south african war 1899 - 1902 , the british army suffered defeats at the hands of the boer commandos ,		what were the boer commandos ?		boer commandos , composed of men who were first - class shots and good horsemen .		who were the sharpshooters ?		volunteers who could both ride and shoot well .		what were the sharpshooters used for ?		what were the sharpshooters used for in the boer war ?
windham wyndham - quin , 4th earl of dunraven and mount - earl		boer war and the sharpshoooters		how did the boer war start ?		during the early stages of the south african war 1899 - 1902 , the british army suffered defeats at the hands of the boer commandos ,		what were the boer commandos ?		boer commandos , composed of men who were first - class shots and good horsemen .		who were the sharpshooters ?		volunteers who could both ride and shoot well .		what were the sharpshooters used for ?		the sharpshooters fought many small - scale actions against the boers , with increasing skill , and showed the value of mobile , well - armed and resourceful troops .		were there also non - sharpshooters that fought on the same side ?		were there also non - sharpshooters that fought on the same side of the boer war ?
windham wyndham - quin , 4th earl of dunraven and mount - earl		boer war and the sharpshoooters		how did the boer war start ?		during the early stages of the south african war 1899 - 1902 , the british army suffered defeats at the hands of the boer commandos ,		what were the boer commandos ?		boer commandos , composed of men who were first - class shots and good horsemen .		who were the sharpshooters ?		volunteers who could both ride and shoot well .		what were the sharpshooters used for ?		the sharpshooters fought many small - scale actions against the boers , with increasing skill , and showed the value of mobile , well - armed and resourceful troops .		were there also non - sharpshooters that fought on the same side ?		i do n't know .		how were sharpshooters found or recruited ?		how were sharpshooters found or recruited during the boer war ?
windham wyndham - quin , 4th earl of dunraven and mount - earl		boer war and the sharpshoooters		how did the boer war start ?		during the early stages of the south african war 1899 - 1902 , the british army suffered defeats at the hands of the boer commandos ,		what were the boer commandos ?		boer commandos , composed of men who were first - class shots and good horsemen .		who were the sharpshooters ?		volunteers who could both ride and shoot well .		what were the sharpshooters used for ?		the sharpshooters fought many small - scale actions against the boers , with increasing skill , and showed the value of mobile , well - armed and resourceful troops .		were there also non - sharpshooters that fought on the same side ?		i do n't know .		how were sharpshooters found or recruited ?		the government made a further call for yeomanry and between february and march , another 1,200 men were recruited by the sharpshooters committee .		who created the sharpshooters committee ?		who created the sharpshooters committee during the boer war ?
windham wyndham - quin , 4th earl of dunraven and mount - earl		boer war and the sharpshoooters		how did the boer war start ?		during the early stages of the south african war 1899 - 1902 , the british army suffered defeats at the hands of the boer commandos ,		what were the boer commandos ?		boer commandos , composed of men who were first - class shots and good horsemen .		who were the sharpshooters ?		volunteers who could both ride and shoot well .		what were the sharpshooters used for ?		the sharpshooters fought many small - scale actions against the boers , with increasing skill , and showed the value of mobile , well - armed and resourceful troops .		were there also non - sharpshooters that fought on the same side ?		i do n't know .		how were sharpshooters found or recruited ?		the government made a further call for yeomanry and between february and march , another 1,200 men were recruited by the sharpshooters committee .		who created the sharpshooters committee ?		the earl of dunraven formed a committee in dec 1899		why did they feel the need to found the committee ?		why did the earl of dunraven feel the need to found the sharpshooters committee ?
james ussher		education		where did james ussher go to school ?		where did james ussher go to school ?
james ussher		education		where did james ussher go to school ?		a gifted polyglot , he entered dublin free school and then the newly founded ( 1591 ) trinity college , dublin on 9 january 1594 ,		did ussher go to school in england ?		did james ussher go to school in england ?
james ussher		education		where did james ussher go to school ?		a gifted polyglot , he entered dublin free school and then the newly founded ( 1591 ) trinity college , dublin on 9 january 1594 ,		did ussher go to school in england ?		i do n't know .		what did ussher do after he received his education ?		what did james ussher do after he received his education at trinity college ?
james ussher		education		where did james ussher go to school ?		a gifted polyglot , he entered dublin free school and then the newly founded ( 1591 ) trinity college , dublin on 9 january 1594 ,		did ussher go to school in england ?		i do n't know .		what did ussher do after he received his education ?		in may 1602 , he was ordained in the trinity college chapel as a deacon in the protestant , established , church of ireland		did ussher do anything in the church of ireland ?		did james ussher do anything in the church of ireland ?
james ussher		education		where did james ussher go to school ?		a gifted polyglot , he entered dublin free school and then the newly founded ( 1591 ) trinity college , dublin on 9 january 1594 ,		did ussher go to school in england ?		i do n't know .		what did ussher do after he received his education ?		in may 1602 , he was ordained in the trinity college chapel as a deacon in the protestant , established , church of ireland		did ussher do anything in the church of ireland ?		ussher went on to become chancellor of st patrick 's cathedral , dublin in 1605 and prebend of finglas .		did ussher have anything to do with any churches in england ?		did james ussher have anything to do with any churches in england ?
james ussher		education		where did james ussher go to school ?		a gifted polyglot , he entered dublin free school and then the newly founded ( 1591 ) trinity college , dublin on 9 january 1594 ,		did ussher go to school in england ?		i do n't know .		what did ussher do after he received his education ?		in may 1602 , he was ordained in the trinity college chapel as a deacon in the protestant , established , church of ireland		did ussher do anything in the church of ireland ?		ussher went on to become chancellor of st patrick 's cathedral , dublin in 1605 and prebend of finglas .		did ussher have anything to do with any churches in england ?		i do n't know .		did ussher have anything controversial in the churches ?		did james ussher have anything controversial in the churches ?
james ussher		education		where did james ussher go to school ?		a gifted polyglot , he entered dublin free school and then the newly founded ( 1591 ) trinity college , dublin on 9 january 1594 ,		did ussher go to school in england ?		i do n't know .		what did ussher do after he received his education ?		in may 1602 , he was ordained in the trinity college chapel as a deacon in the protestant , established , church of ireland		did ussher do anything in the church of ireland ?		ussher went on to become chancellor of st patrick 's cathedral , dublin in 1605 and prebend of finglas .		did ussher have anything to do with any churches in england ?		i do n't know .		did ussher have anything controversial in the churches ?		i do n't know .		did ussher receive any other degrees ?		did james ussher receive any other degrees aside from being ordained in the trinity college chapel as a deacon ?
chris christie		trump campaign , transition , administration roles		what did he do on the trump campaign ?		what did chris christie do on the trump campaign ?
chris christie		trump campaign , transition , administration roles		what did he do on the trump campaign ?		trump named christie to head up a transition team in the event of a trump presidency .		what were his responsibiliites ?		what were chris christie 's responsibilities on the trump campaign ?
chris christie		trump campaign , transition , administration roles		what did he do on the trump campaign ?		trump named christie to head up a transition team in the event of a trump presidency .		what were his responsibiliites ?		i do n't know .		what was his administration role ?		what was chris christie 's role in the trump administration ?
chris christie		trump campaign , transition , administration roles		what did he do on the trump campaign ?		trump named christie to head up a transition team in the event of a trump presidency .		what were his responsibiliites ?		i do n't know .		what was his administration role ?		christie was being considered for a role in the trump administration , but has said he will serve out his term as governor ,		did he do so ?		did chris christie have a role in the trump administration ?
chris christie		trump campaign , transition , administration roles		what did he do on the trump campaign ?		trump named christie to head up a transition team in the event of a trump presidency .		what were his responsibiliites ?		i do n't know .		what was his administration role ?		christie was being considered for a role in the trump administration , but has said he will serve out his term as governor ,		did he do so ?		christie turned down an offer to act as secretary of labor , saying he would finish his term as governor after which he would move to the private sector .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides chris christie 's role in the trump campaign , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
jonathan miller		1960s : beyond the fringe		what is beyond the fringe ?		what is beyond the fringe ?
jonathan miller		1960s : beyond the fringe		what is beyond the fringe ?		miller helped to write and produce the musical revue beyond the fringe ,		who starred in the musical revue ?		who starred in the musical revue beyond the fringe ?
jonathan miller		1960s : beyond the fringe		what is beyond the fringe ?		miller helped to write and produce the musical revue beyond the fringe ,		who starred in the musical revue ?		this launched , in addition to his own , the careers of alan bennett , peter cook and dudley moore .		was the musical revue successful ?		was jonathan miller 's musical revue beyond the fringe successful ?
jonathan miller		1960s : beyond the fringe		what is beyond the fringe ?		miller helped to write and produce the musical revue beyond the fringe ,		who starred in the musical revue ?		this launched , in addition to his own , the careers of alan bennett , peter cook and dudley moore .		was the musical revue successful ?		i do n't know .		did he write any other musical performances ?		besides beyond the fringe , did jonathan miller write any other musical performances ?
jonathan miller		1960s : beyond the fringe		what is beyond the fringe ?		miller helped to write and produce the musical revue beyond the fringe ,		who starred in the musical revue ?		this launched , in addition to his own , the careers of alan bennett , peter cook and dudley moore .		was the musical revue successful ?		i do n't know .		did he write any other musical performances ?		he wrote , produced , and directed an adaptation for television of alice in wonderland ( 1966 ) for the bbc .		did he wing any awards in this period of time ?		did jonathan miller win any awards in the period of time during which he wrote , produced , and directed alice in wonderland ( 1966 ) ?
bob hope		early years		how did he get his start in show business ?		how did bob hope get his start in show business ?
bob hope		early years		how did he get his start in show business ?		deciding on a show business career , hope and his girlfriend at the time signed up for dancing lessons .		was he a good dancer ?		was bob hope a good dancer ?
bob hope		early years		how did he get his start in show business ?		deciding on a show business career , hope and his girlfriend at the time signed up for dancing lessons .		was he a good dancer ?		encouraged after they performed in a three - day engagement at a club , hope formed a partnership with lloyd durbin ,		what other types of appearances did he have early on ?		besides the three - day club engagement with lloyd durbin , what other types of appearances did bob hope have early on ?
bob hope		early years		how did he get his start in show business ?		deciding on a show business career , hope and his girlfriend at the time signed up for dancing lessons .		was he a good dancer ?		encouraged after they performed in a three - day engagement at a club , hope formed a partnership with lloyd durbin ,		what other types of appearances did he have early on ?		fatty arbuckle saw them perform in 1925 and found them work with a touring troupe called hurley 's jolly follies .		where did they perform with the troupe ?		where did bob hope and lloyd durbin perform with hurley 's jolly follies ?
bob hope		marriages		who was bob hope 's first wife ?		who was bob hope 's first wife ?
bob hope		marriages		who was bob hope 's first wife ?		vaudeville partner grace louise troxell ,		what did grace do ?		what did bob hope 's first wife grace louise troxell do ?
bob hope		marriages		who was bob hope 's first wife ?		vaudeville partner grace louise troxell ,		what did grace do ?		a secretary from chicago , illinois , who was the daughter of edward and mary ( mcginnes ) troxell .		did they have children ?		did bob hope and grace louise troxell have children ?
bob hope		marriages		who was bob hope 's first wife ?		vaudeville partner grace louise troxell ,		what did grace do ?		a secretary from chicago , illinois , who was the daughter of edward and mary ( mcginnes ) troxell .		did they have children ?		i do n't know .		when did they get married ?		when did bob hope and grace louise troxell get married ?
bob hope		marriages		who was bob hope 's first wife ?		vaudeville partner grace louise troxell ,		what did grace do ?		a secretary from chicago , illinois , who was the daughter of edward and mary ( mcginnes ) troxell .		did they have children ?		i do n't know .		when did they get married ?		they were married on january 25 , 1933 , in erie , pennsylvania ,		when did they divorce ?		when did bob hope and grace louise troxell divorce ?
mohammed zahir shah		exile		what does the article say about the exile ?		what does the article say about the exile ?
mohammed zahir shah		exile		what does the article say about the exile ?		zahir shah lived in exile in italy for twenty - nine years in a villa		why did he live in exile ?		why did zahir shah live in exile for twenty - nine years ?
mohammed zahir shah		exile		what does the article say about the exile ?		zahir shah lived in exile in italy for twenty - nine years in a villa		why did he live in exile ?		he was prohibited from returning to afghanistan during the late 1970s		what did he do while living in exile ?		what did zahir shah do while living in exile ?
mohammed zahir shah		exile		what does the article say about the exile ?		zahir shah lived in exile in italy for twenty - nine years in a villa		why did he live in exile ?		he was prohibited from returning to afghanistan during the late 1970s		what did he do while living in exile ?		he spent his time playing golf and chess , as well as tending to his garden .		what made him come out of exile ?		what made zahir shah come out of exile after twenty - nine years ?
mohammed zahir shah		exile		what does the article say about the exile ?		zahir shah lived in exile in italy for twenty - nine years in a villa		why did he live in exile ?		he was prohibited from returning to afghanistan during the late 1970s		what did he do while living in exile ?		he spent his time playing golf and chess , as well as tending to his garden .		what made him come out of exile ?		i do n't know .		what else happened in 1973 ?		besides zahir shah living in exile , did anything else happen in 1973 ?
mohammed zahir shah		exile		what does the article say about the exile ?		zahir shah lived in exile in italy for twenty - nine years in a villa		why did he live in exile ?		he was prohibited from returning to afghanistan during the late 1970s		what did he do while living in exile ?		he spent his time playing golf and chess , as well as tending to his garden .		what made him come out of exile ?		i do n't know .		what else happened in 1973 ?		as a former prime minister , daoud khan had been forced to resign by zahir shah a decade earlier .		did he have any issues with his eyes ?		did zahir shah have any issues with his eyes ?
mohammed zahir shah		exile		what does the article say about the exile ?		zahir shah lived in exile in italy for twenty - nine years in a villa		why did he live in exile ?		he was prohibited from returning to afghanistan during the late 1970s		what did he do while living in exile ?		he spent his time playing golf and chess , as well as tending to his garden .		what made him come out of exile ?		i do n't know .		what else happened in 1973 ?		as a former prime minister , daoud khan had been forced to resign by zahir shah a decade earlier .		did he have any issues with his eyes ?		zahir shah was in italy , undergoing eye surgery and therapy for lumbago ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than zahir shah living in exile for twenty - nine years and having issues with his eyes , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
mohammed zahir shah		exile		what does the article say about the exile ?		zahir shah lived in exile in italy for twenty - nine years in a villa		why did he live in exile ?		he was prohibited from returning to afghanistan during the late 1970s		what did he do while living in exile ?		he spent his time playing golf and chess , as well as tending to his garden .		what made him come out of exile ?		i do n't know .		what else happened in 1973 ?		as a former prime minister , daoud khan had been forced to resign by zahir shah a decade earlier .		did he have any issues with his eyes ?		zahir shah was in italy , undergoing eye surgery and therapy for lumbago ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1991 , zahir shah survived an attempt on his life by a knife - wielding assassin masquerading as a portuguese journalist .		how did he survive this ?		how did zahir shah survive the assassination attempt in 1991 ?
mohammed zahir shah		exile		what does the article say about the exile ?		zahir shah lived in exile in italy for twenty - nine years in a villa		why did he live in exile ?		he was prohibited from returning to afghanistan during the late 1970s		what did he do while living in exile ?		he spent his time playing golf and chess , as well as tending to his garden .		what made him come out of exile ?		i do n't know .		what else happened in 1973 ?		as a former prime minister , daoud khan had been forced to resign by zahir shah a decade earlier .		did he have any issues with his eyes ?		zahir shah was in italy , undergoing eye surgery and therapy for lumbago ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1991 , zahir shah survived an attempt on his life by a knife - wielding assassin masquerading as a portuguese journalist .		how did he survive this ?		i do n't know .		did he participate in any peace talks ?		did zahir shah ever participate in any peace talks ?
marco simoncelli		125cc ( 2002 - 2005 )		what was 125cc ?		what was 125cc ?
marco simoncelli		125cc ( 2002 - 2005 )		what was 125cc ?		grand prix		did he win any races in this bracket ?		did simoncelli win any races in 125cc ?
marco simoncelli		125cc ( 2002 - 2005 )		what was 125cc ?		grand prix		did he win any races in this bracket ?		he ended in 11th place in the final standings with 79 points .		what was his best finish ?		what was simoncelli 's best finish ?
marco simoncelli		125cc ( 2002 - 2005 )		what was 125cc ?		grand prix		did he win any races in this bracket ?		he ended in 11th place in the final standings with 79 points .		what was his best finish ?		he ended in 11th place in the final standings with 79 points .		who were his team members ?		who were simoncelli 's team members ?
marco simoncelli		125cc ( 2002 - 2005 )		what was 125cc ?		grand prix		did he win any races in this bracket ?		he ended in 11th place in the final standings with 79 points .		what was his best finish ?		he ended in 11th place in the final standings with 79 points .		who were his team members ?		matteoni racing team		did the team race in other events ?		besides matteoni racing team did the team race in other events ?
marco simoncelli		125cc ( 2002 - 2005 )		what was 125cc ?		grand prix		did he win any races in this bracket ?		he ended in 11th place in the final standings with 79 points .		what was his best finish ?		he ended in 11th place in the final standings with 79 points .		who were his team members ?		matteoni racing team		did the team race in other events ?		i do n't know .		did they place well in the worldwiderace ?		did matteoni racing team place well in the worldwiderace ?
marco simoncelli		125cc ( 2002 - 2005 )		what was 125cc ?		grand prix		did he win any races in this bracket ?		he ended in 11th place in the final standings with 79 points .		what was his best finish ?		he ended in 11th place in the final standings with 79 points .		who were his team members ?		matteoni racing team		did the team race in other events ?		i do n't know .		did they place well in the worldwiderace ?		simoncelli finished on the podium on five other occasions .		which was his best finish ?		which was simoncelli 's best finish ?
marco simoncelli		125cc ( 2002 - 2005 )		what was 125cc ?		grand prix		did he win any races in this bracket ?		he ended in 11th place in the final standings with 79 points .		what was his best finish ?		he ended in 11th place in the final standings with 79 points .		who were his team members ?		matteoni racing team		did the team race in other events ?		i do n't know .		did they place well in the worldwiderace ?		simoncelli finished on the podium on five other occasions .		which was his best finish ?		he ended in 11th place in the final standings with 79 points .		is there anything else interesting about his time in the 250cc bracket ?		in addition to simoncelli finishing on the podium on five other occasions is there anything else interesting about the 250cc bracket ?
jazmine sullivan		2008 - 2009 : fearless		when was fearless released ?		when was fearless released ?
jazmine sullivan		2008 - 2009 : fearless		when was fearless released ?		sullivan 's debut album fearless was released on september 23 , 2008 .		was it popular ?		was fearless popular ?
jazmine sullivan		2008 - 2009 : fearless		when was fearless released ?		sullivan 's debut album fearless was released on september 23 , 2008 .		was it popular ?		fearless debuted at # 1 on the top r&b / hip hop albums and at # 6 on the billboard 200 .		what songs were released ?		what songs were released ?
jazmine sullivan		2008 - 2009 : fearless		when was fearless released ?		sullivan 's debut album fearless was released on september 23 , 2008 .		was it popular ?		fearless debuted at # 1 on the top r&b / hip hop albums and at # 6 on the billboard 200 .		what songs were released ?		" bust your windows		what other songs did they release ?		besides bust your windows what other songs did fearless release ?
' 03 bonnie & clyde		production and release		who wrote the song ?		who wrote the ' 03 bonnie & clyde song ?
' 03 bonnie & clyde		production and release		who wrote the song ?		the first collaboration between rapper jay - z and r&b singer beyonce .		what year was it released ?		what year was ' 03 bonnie & clyde released by jay - z and beyonce ?
' 03 bonnie & clyde		production and release		who wrote the song ?		the first collaboration between rapper jay - z and r&b singer beyonce .		what year was it released ?		03 bonnie & clyde " was released on october 10 , 2002 ,		who was the producer ?		who produced the song ' 03 bonnie & clyde ?
' 03 bonnie & clyde		production and release		who wrote the song ?		the first collaboration between rapper jay - z and r&b singer beyonce .		what year was it released ?		03 bonnie & clyde " was released on october 10 , 2002 ,		who was the producer ?		kanye west		how long did production take ?		how long did production for the song ' 03 bonnie & clyde take ?
' 03 bonnie & clyde		production and release		who wrote the song ?		the first collaboration between rapper jay - z and r&b singer beyonce .		what year was it released ?		03 bonnie & clyde " was released on october 10 , 2002 ,		who was the producer ?		kanye west		how long did production take ?		i do n't know .		how soon after the song 's release , did it become a hit ?		how quickly did ' 03 bonnie & clyde become a success ?
' 03 bonnie & clyde		production and release		who wrote the song ?		the first collaboration between rapper jay - z and r&b singer beyonce .		what year was it released ?		03 bonnie & clyde " was released on october 10 , 2002 ,		who was the producer ?		kanye west		how long did production take ?		i do n't know .		how soon after the song 's release , did it become a hit ?		i do n't know .		how long did it take to produce the track ?		how long did production take for the track to ' 03 bonnie & clyde ?
jean lapierre		minister of transport		when did lapierre become the minister of transport ?		when did lapierre become the minister of transport ?
jean lapierre		minister of transport		when did lapierre become the minister of transport ?		i do n't know .		what did he do as the minister of transport ?		what did lapierre do as the minister of transport ?
jean lapierre		minister of transport		when did lapierre become the minister of transport ?		i do n't know .		what did he do as the minister of transport ?		as minister of transport , lapierre initiated the pacific gateway strategy ,		what was the pacific gateway strategy about ?		what was the pacific gateway strategy about ?
jean lapierre		minister of transport		when did lapierre become the minister of transport ?		i do n't know .		what did he do as the minister of transport ?		as minister of transport , lapierre initiated the pacific gateway strategy ,		what was the pacific gateway strategy about ?		signing air transport agreements with china and india and completed a formal canada - us open skies agreement .		was the agreement approved or did he meet with opposition ?		was the canada - us open skies agreement approved or did lapierre meet with opposition ?
jean lapierre		minister of transport		when did lapierre become the minister of transport ?		i do n't know .		what did he do as the minister of transport ?		as minister of transport , lapierre initiated the pacific gateway strategy ,		what was the pacific gateway strategy about ?		signing air transport agreements with china and india and completed a formal canada - us open skies agreement .		was the agreement approved or did he meet with opposition ?		i do n't know .		did he initiate any other agreements ?		did lapierre initiate any agreements other than the pacific gateway strategy or the canada - us open skies agreement ?
jean lapierre		minister of transport		when did lapierre become the minister of transport ?		i do n't know .		what did he do as the minister of transport ?		as minister of transport , lapierre initiated the pacific gateway strategy ,		what was the pacific gateway strategy about ?		signing air transport agreements with china and india and completed a formal canada - us open skies agreement .		was the agreement approved or did he meet with opposition ?		i do n't know .		did he initiate any other agreements ?		lapierre reduced the amount paid by airports to the federal government by some $ 5 billion over the remaining life of the leases .		did he have any enemies or allies ?		did lapierre have any enemies or allies ?
jean lapierre		minister of transport		when did lapierre become the minister of transport ?		i do n't know .		what did he do as the minister of transport ?		as minister of transport , lapierre initiated the pacific gateway strategy ,		what was the pacific gateway strategy about ?		signing air transport agreements with china and india and completed a formal canada - us open skies agreement .		was the agreement approved or did he meet with opposition ?		i do n't know .		did he initiate any other agreements ?		lapierre reduced the amount paid by airports to the federal government by some $ 5 billion over the remaining life of the leases .		did he have any enemies or allies ?		critics said that he should have seen warning signs after unsuccessful attempts to lower the carrier 's costs .		how long was he a minister of transport ?		how long was lapierre a minister of transport ?
christopher hitchens		critiques of specific individuals		who was christopher 's most influential critique ?		who was christopher hitchen 's most influential critique ?
christopher hitchens		critiques of specific individuals		who was christopher 's most influential critique ?		he became known for his critiques of public contemporary figures including mother teresa , bill clinton and henry kissinger		was there any bad critiques ?		did christopher hitchens give any bad critiques ?
christopher hitchens		critiques of specific individuals		who was christopher 's most influential critique ?		he became known for his critiques of public contemporary figures including mother teresa , bill clinton and henry kissinger		was there any bad critiques ?		hitchens described the christian evangelist billy graham as " a self - conscious fraud " and " a disgustingly evil man " .		what did mother teresa say about him ?		what did mother teresa say about christopher hitchens ?
christopher hitchens		critiques of specific individuals		who was christopher 's most influential critique ?		he became known for his critiques of public contemporary figures including mother teresa , bill clinton and henry kissinger		was there any bad critiques ?		hitchens described the christian evangelist billy graham as " a self - conscious fraud " and " a disgustingly evil man " .		what did mother teresa say about him ?		i do n't know .		was there a fact that stood out to you about the article ?		was there a fact about christopher hitchens that stood out to you from the article ?
christopher hitchens		critiques of specific individuals		who was christopher 's most influential critique ?		he became known for his critiques of public contemporary figures including mother teresa , bill clinton and henry kissinger		was there any bad critiques ?		hitchens described the christian evangelist billy graham as " a self - conscious fraud " and " a disgustingly evil man " .		what did mother teresa say about him ?		i do n't know .		was there a fact that stood out to you about the article ?		while promoting his book god is not great : how religion poisons everything , hitchens described the christian evangelist billy graham as " a self - conscious fraud "		what other facts were there about christopher ?		aside from christopher hitchens critiques of contemporary figures , what were some other facts about him ?
christopher hitchens		critiques of specific individuals		who was christopher 's most influential critique ?		he became known for his critiques of public contemporary figures including mother teresa , bill clinton and henry kissinger		was there any bad critiques ?		hitchens described the christian evangelist billy graham as " a self - conscious fraud " and " a disgustingly evil man " .		what did mother teresa say about him ?		i do n't know .		was there a fact that stood out to you about the article ?		while promoting his book god is not great : how religion poisons everything , hitchens described the christian evangelist billy graham as " a self - conscious fraud "		what other facts were there about christopher ?		other of hitchens 's critiques took the form of opinion pieces or lengthy lectures , including his critiques of jerry falwell , george galloway , slobodan milosevic , mel gibson ,		who of other influential people critiqued him ?		aside from bill graham , mother teresa , bill clinton , and henry kissinger , what other influential people did christopher hitchens critique ?
christopher hitchens		critiques of specific individuals		who was christopher 's most influential critique ?		he became known for his critiques of public contemporary figures including mother teresa , bill clinton and henry kissinger		was there any bad critiques ?		hitchens described the christian evangelist billy graham as " a self - conscious fraud " and " a disgustingly evil man " .		what did mother teresa say about him ?		i do n't know .		was there a fact that stood out to you about the article ?		while promoting his book god is not great : how religion poisons everything , hitchens described the christian evangelist billy graham as " a self - conscious fraud "		what other facts were there about christopher ?		other of hitchens 's critiques took the form of opinion pieces or lengthy lectures , including his critiques of jerry falwell , george galloway , slobodan milosevic , mel gibson ,		who of other influential people critiqued him ?		i do n't know .		what positive saying that was said about christopher ?		what positive things were said about christoper hitchens ?
christopher hitchens		critiques of specific individuals		who was christopher 's most influential critique ?		he became known for his critiques of public contemporary figures including mother teresa , bill clinton and henry kissinger		was there any bad critiques ?		hitchens described the christian evangelist billy graham as " a self - conscious fraud " and " a disgustingly evil man " .		what did mother teresa say about him ?		i do n't know .		was there a fact that stood out to you about the article ?		while promoting his book god is not great : how religion poisons everything , hitchens described the christian evangelist billy graham as " a self - conscious fraud "		what other facts were there about christopher ?		other of hitchens 's critiques took the form of opinion pieces or lengthy lectures , including his critiques of jerry falwell , george galloway , slobodan milosevic , mel gibson ,		who of other influential people critiqued him ?		i do n't know .		what positive saying that was said about christopher ?		i do n't know .		what else can you tell me about christopher that was inspiring ?		aside from his critiques what other inspiring information can you tell me about christopher hitchens ?
christopher hitchens		critiques of specific individuals		who was christopher 's most influential critique ?		he became known for his critiques of public contemporary figures including mother teresa , bill clinton and henry kissinger		was there any bad critiques ?		hitchens described the christian evangelist billy graham as " a self - conscious fraud " and " a disgustingly evil man " .		what did mother teresa say about him ?		i do n't know .		was there a fact that stood out to you about the article ?		while promoting his book god is not great : how religion poisons everything , hitchens described the christian evangelist billy graham as " a self - conscious fraud "		what other facts were there about christopher ?		other of hitchens 's critiques took the form of opinion pieces or lengthy lectures , including his critiques of jerry falwell , george galloway , slobodan milosevic , mel gibson ,		who of other influential people critiqued him ?		i do n't know .		what positive saying that was said about christopher ?		i do n't know .		what else can you tell me about christopher that was inspiring ?		hitchens wrote book - length biographical essays about thomas jefferson ( thomas jefferson : author of america ) , thomas paine ( thomas paine 's " rights of man " : a biography ) and george orwell (		did he write other essays ?		aside from his essays about thomas jefferson , thomas paine , and george orwell did christopher hitchens write any other essays ?
liz phair		2003 - 2007 : liz phair and somebody 's miracle		what happened in 2003		what happened in 2003
liz phair		2003 - 2007 : liz phair and somebody 's miracle		what happened in 2003		in 2003 , her self - titled fourth album was released on her new label , capitol records .		was the album a success		was liz phair a success
liz phair		2003 - 2007 : liz phair and somebody 's miracle		what happened in 2003		in 2003 , her self - titled fourth album was released on her new label , capitol records .		was the album a success		i do n't know .		which producer did she worked with		which producer did phair work with
liz phair		2003 - 2007 : liz phair and somebody 's miracle		what happened in 2003		in 2003 , her self - titled fourth album was released on her new label , capitol records .		was the album a success		i do n't know .		which producer did she worked with		initially , phair worked on several album tracks with songwriter michael penn as the producer .		what other album did she released		besides liz phair what other album did phair release
liz phair		2003 - 2007 : liz phair and somebody 's miracle		what happened in 2003		in 2003 , her self - titled fourth album was released on her new label , capitol records .		was the album a success		i do n't know .		which producer did she worked with		initially , phair worked on several album tracks with songwriter michael penn as the producer .		what other album did she released		somebody 's miracle , phair 's fifth album ( and final album with capitol records ) , was released on october 4 , 2005 .		did the album has any review		did somebody 's miracle have any review
louis armstrong		chicago		when did louis armstrong move to chicago ?		when did louis armstrong move to chicago ?
louis armstrong		chicago		when did louis armstrong move to chicago ?		in 1922 , armstrong joined the exodus to chicago , where he had been invited by his mentor , joe " king " oliver , to join his creole jazz band		what was his first gig in chicago ?		what was louis armstrong 's first gig in chicago ?
louis armstrong		chicago		when did louis armstrong move to chicago ?		in 1922 , armstrong joined the exodus to chicago , where he had been invited by his mentor , joe " king " oliver , to join his creole jazz band		what was his first gig in chicago ?		oliver 's band was among the most influential jazz bands in chicago in the early 1920s , at a time when chicago was the center of the jazz universe .		what did the critics say of armstrong 's playing ?		what did the critics in the early 1920s say of armstrong 's playing ?
louis armstrong		chicago		when did louis armstrong move to chicago ?		in 1922 , armstrong joined the exodus to chicago , where he had been invited by his mentor , joe " king " oliver , to join his creole jazz band		what was his first gig in chicago ?		oliver 's band was among the most influential jazz bands in chicago in the early 1920s , at a time when chicago was the center of the jazz universe .		what did the critics say of armstrong 's playing ?		i do n't know .		what songs was he famous for ?		what songs was louis armstrong famous for ?
louis armstrong		chicago		when did louis armstrong move to chicago ?		in 1922 , armstrong joined the exodus to chicago , where he had been invited by his mentor , joe " king " oliver , to join his creole jazz band		what was his first gig in chicago ?		oliver 's band was among the most influential jazz bands in chicago in the early 1920s , at a time when chicago was the center of the jazz universe .		what did the critics say of armstrong 's playing ?		i do n't know .		what songs was he famous for ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the description of louis armstrong 's work in one of the most influential jazz bands in chicago in the early 1920s , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
louis armstrong		chicago		when did louis armstrong move to chicago ?		in 1922 , armstrong joined the exodus to chicago , where he had been invited by his mentor , joe " king " oliver , to join his creole jazz band		what was his first gig in chicago ?		oliver 's band was among the most influential jazz bands in chicago in the early 1920s , at a time when chicago was the center of the jazz universe .		what did the critics say of armstrong 's playing ?		i do n't know .		what songs was he famous for ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		armstrong enjoyed working with oliver , but louis ' second wife , pianist lil hardin armstrong , urged him to seek more prominent billing and develop his newer style		when did he start his own band ?		when did louis armstrong start his own band ?
louis armstrong		chicago		when did louis armstrong move to chicago ?		in 1922 , armstrong joined the exodus to chicago , where he had been invited by his mentor , joe " king " oliver , to join his creole jazz band		what was his first gig in chicago ?		oliver 's band was among the most influential jazz bands in chicago in the early 1920s , at a time when chicago was the center of the jazz universe .		what did the critics say of armstrong 's playing ?		i do n't know .		what songs was he famous for ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		armstrong enjoyed working with oliver , but louis ' second wife , pianist lil hardin armstrong , urged him to seek more prominent billing and develop his newer style		when did he start his own band ?		lil had her husband play classical music in church concerts to broaden his skill and improve his solo play and she prodded him into wearing more stylish attire		what was armstrong 's style ?		what was louis armstrong 's musical style ?
louis armstrong		chicago		when did louis armstrong move to chicago ?		in 1922 , armstrong joined the exodus to chicago , where he had been invited by his mentor , joe " king " oliver , to join his creole jazz band		what was his first gig in chicago ?		oliver 's band was among the most influential jazz bands in chicago in the early 1920s , at a time when chicago was the center of the jazz universe .		what did the critics say of armstrong 's playing ?		i do n't know .		what songs was he famous for ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		armstrong enjoyed working with oliver , but louis ' second wife , pianist lil hardin armstrong , urged him to seek more prominent billing and develop his newer style		when did he start his own band ?		lil had her husband play classical music in church concerts to broaden his skill and improve his solo play and she prodded him into wearing more stylish attire		what was armstrong 's style ?		she prodded him into wearing more stylish attire to make him look sharp and to better offset his growing girth .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the description of his work in chicago , are there any other interesting things about louis armstrong mentioned in this article ?
louis armstrong		chicago		when did louis armstrong move to chicago ?		in 1922 , armstrong joined the exodus to chicago , where he had been invited by his mentor , joe " king " oliver , to join his creole jazz band		what was his first gig in chicago ?		oliver 's band was among the most influential jazz bands in chicago in the early 1920s , at a time when chicago was the center of the jazz universe .		what did the critics say of armstrong 's playing ?		i do n't know .		what songs was he famous for ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		armstrong enjoyed working with oliver , but louis ' second wife , pianist lil hardin armstrong , urged him to seek more prominent billing and develop his newer style		when did he start his own band ?		lil had her husband play classical music in church concerts to broaden his skill and improve his solo play and she prodded him into wearing more stylish attire		what was armstrong 's style ?		she prodded him into wearing more stylish attire to make him look sharp and to better offset his growing girth .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		excited as he was to be in chicago , he began his career - long pastime of writing nostalgic letters to friends in new orleans .		when did he leave chicago ?		when did louis armstrong leave chicago ?
queensrche		operation : mindcrime , empire and mainstream success ( 1988 - 93 )		what is mindcrime ?		what is mindcrime ?
queensrche		operation : mindcrime , empire and mainstream success ( 1988 - 93 )		what is mindcrime ?		in 1988 , queensryche released operation : mindcrime , a narrative concept album that proved a massive critical and commercial success .		was this a successful album ?		was mindcrime by queensryche a successful album ?
queensrche		operation : mindcrime , empire and mainstream success ( 1988 - 93 )		what is mindcrime ?		in 1988 , queensryche released operation : mindcrime , a narrative concept album that proved a massive critical and commercial success .		was this a successful album ?		the album gained critical acclaim and achieved gold status .		can you tell me a little about the empire and mainstream success ?		can you tell me a little about the queensryche 's empire and mainstream success ?
queensrche		operation : mindcrime , empire and mainstream success ( 1988 - 93 )		what is mindcrime ?		in 1988 , queensryche released operation : mindcrime , a narrative concept album that proved a massive critical and commercial success .		was this a successful album ?		the album gained critical acclaim and achieved gold status .		can you tell me a little about the empire and mainstream success ?		the release of empire ( 1990 ) brought queensryche to the height of their commercial popularity . it peaked at no . 7 and sold more than three million copies in the united states ,		how long did it stay on the charts ?		how long did queensryche 's empire stay on the charts ?
queensrche		operation : mindcrime , empire and mainstream success ( 1988 - 93 )		what is mindcrime ?		in 1988 , queensryche released operation : mindcrime , a narrative concept album that proved a massive critical and commercial success .		was this a successful album ?		the album gained critical acclaim and achieved gold status .		can you tell me a little about the empire and mainstream success ?		the release of empire ( 1990 ) brought queensryche to the height of their commercial popularity . it peaked at no . 7 and sold more than three million copies in the united states ,		how long did it stay on the charts ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than describing the success of the albums empire and mindcrime , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
queensrche		operation : mindcrime , empire and mainstream success ( 1988 - 93 )		what is mindcrime ?		in 1988 , queensryche released operation : mindcrime , a narrative concept album that proved a massive critical and commercial success .		was this a successful album ?		the album gained critical acclaim and achieved gold status .		can you tell me a little about the empire and mainstream success ?		the release of empire ( 1990 ) brought queensryche to the height of their commercial popularity . it peaked at no . 7 and sold more than three million copies in the united states ,		how long did it stay on the charts ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the subsequent " building empires " tour was the first full - fledged tour to feature queensryche as a headlining act		was there any downside to the tour ?		was there any downside to queensryche 's " building empires " tour ?
queensrche		operation : mindcrime , empire and mainstream success ( 1988 - 93 )		what is mindcrime ?		in 1988 , queensryche released operation : mindcrime , a narrative concept album that proved a massive critical and commercial success .		was this a successful album ?		the album gained critical acclaim and achieved gold status .		can you tell me a little about the empire and mainstream success ?		the release of empire ( 1990 ) brought queensryche to the height of their commercial popularity . it peaked at no . 7 and sold more than three million copies in the united states ,		how long did it stay on the charts ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the subsequent " building empires " tour was the first full - fledged tour to feature queensryche as a headlining act		was there any downside to the tour ?		during a show in a sports hall in ichtegem , belgium on november 20 , 1990 , a scuffle in the audience resulted in an american fan getting fatally stabbed in the chest .		what else happened follwing the stabbing ?		other than the death of a fan , what else happened following the stabbing in ichtegem , belgium ?
priyanka chopra		television presenting and stage performances		what has chopra presented on tv ?		what presenting roles has priyanka chopra performed on tv ?
priyanka chopra		television presenting and stage performances		what has chopra presented on tv ?		in 2007 , chopra was on the judges ' panel of the miss india pageant .		what stage performances has she done ?		what stage performances has priyanka chopra performed ?
priyanka chopra		television presenting and stage performances		what has chopra presented on tv ?		in 2007 , chopra was on the judges ' panel of the miss india pageant .		what stage performances has she done ?		chopra has participated in a number of world tours and concerts .		what other tv appearances has she made ?		other than presenting roles , what other tv appearances priyanka chopra made ?
priyanka chopra		television presenting and stage performances		what has chopra presented on tv ?		in 2007 , chopra was on the judges ' panel of the miss india pageant .		what stage performances has she done ?		chopra has participated in a number of world tours and concerts .		what other tv appearances has she made ?		in 2010 , she hosted the third season of the reality show fear factor :		was the show a success ?		was the fear factor reality show successful when priyanka chopra was the host ?
priyanka chopra		television presenting and stage performances		what has chopra presented on tv ?		in 2007 , chopra was on the judges ' panel of the miss india pageant .		what stage performances has she done ?		chopra has participated in a number of world tours and concerts .		what other tv appearances has she made ?		in 2010 , she hosted the third season of the reality show fear factor :		was the show a success ?		chopra had " transformed into quite a whip - wielding dictator		what did she do after ?		after fear factor was over , did priyanka chopra have anymore jobs ?
priyanka chopra		television presenting and stage performances		what has chopra presented on tv ?		in 2007 , chopra was on the judges ' panel of the miss india pageant .		what stage performances has she done ?		chopra has participated in a number of world tours and concerts .		what other tv appearances has she made ?		in 2010 , she hosted the third season of the reality show fear factor :		was the show a success ?		chopra had " transformed into quite a whip - wielding dictator		what did she do after ?		she took part in a world concert tour ,		what was the concert tour ?		did priyanka chopra participate in any concert tours ?
priyanka chopra		television presenting and stage performances		what has chopra presented on tv ?		in 2007 , chopra was on the judges ' panel of the miss india pageant .		what stage performances has she done ?		chopra has participated in a number of world tours and concerts .		what other tv appearances has she made ?		in 2010 , she hosted the third season of the reality show fear factor :		was the show a success ?		chopra had " transformed into quite a whip - wielding dictator		what did she do after ?		she took part in a world concert tour ,		what was the concert tour ?		temptations 2004 " , and performed with other bollywood actors (		what other actors were on tour ?		besides priyanka chopra , what other actors were on tour ?
priyanka chopra		television presenting and stage performances		what has chopra presented on tv ?		in 2007 , chopra was on the judges ' panel of the miss india pageant .		what stage performances has she done ?		chopra has participated in a number of world tours and concerts .		what other tv appearances has she made ?		in 2010 , she hosted the third season of the reality show fear factor :		was the show a success ?		chopra had " transformed into quite a whip - wielding dictator		what did she do after ?		she took part in a world concert tour ,		what was the concert tour ?		temptations 2004 " , and performed with other bollywood actors (		what other actors were on tour ?		shah rukh khan , saif ali khan , rani mukerji , preity zinta and arjun rampal		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from touring , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
charlie parker		early career		what did he do in his early career ?		what did parker do in his early career ?
charlie parker		early career		what did he do in his early career ?		in the late 1930s parker began to practice diligently . during this period he mastered		what did he master ?		what did parker master ?
charlie parker		early career		what did he do in his early career ?		in the late 1930s parker began to practice diligently . during this period he mastered		what did he master ?		improvisation and developed some of the ideas that led to bebop .		did he work with anyone else of note ?		besides improvising did parker work with anyone else of note ?
charlie parker		early career		what did he do in his early career ?		in the late 1930s parker began to practice diligently . during this period he mastered		what did he master ?		improvisation and developed some of the ideas that led to bebop .		did he work with anyone else of note ?		1938 parker joined pianist jay mcshann 's territory band .		what did they do together ?		what did parker and jay mcshann do together ?
charlie parker		early career		what did he do in his early career ?		in the late 1930s parker began to practice diligently . during this period he mastered		what did he master ?		improvisation and developed some of the ideas that led to bebop .		did he work with anyone else of note ?		1938 parker joined pianist jay mcshann 's territory band .		what did they do together ?		the band toured nightclubs and other venues of the southwest , as well as chicago and new york city .		did they gain any recognition then ?		did parker and jay mcshann gain any recognition then ?
charlie parker		early career		what did he do in his early career ?		in the late 1930s parker began to practice diligently . during this period he mastered		what did he master ?		improvisation and developed some of the ideas that led to bebop .		did he work with anyone else of note ?		1938 parker joined pianist jay mcshann 's territory band .		what did they do together ?		the band toured nightclubs and other venues of the southwest , as well as chicago and new york city .		did they gain any recognition then ?		parker made his professional recording debut with mcshann 's band .		where else did they tour ?		besides nightclubs where else did parker and jay mcshann tour ?
charlie parker		early career		what did he do in his early career ?		in the late 1930s parker began to practice diligently . during this period he mastered		what did he master ?		improvisation and developed some of the ideas that led to bebop .		did he work with anyone else of note ?		1938 parker joined pianist jay mcshann 's territory band .		what did they do together ?		the band toured nightclubs and other venues of the southwest , as well as chicago and new york city .		did they gain any recognition then ?		parker made his professional recording debut with mcshann 's band .		where else did they tour ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to parker making his professional recording debut with mcshann 's band are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
charlie parker		early career		what did he do in his early career ?		in the late 1930s parker began to practice diligently . during this period he mastered		what did he master ?		improvisation and developed some of the ideas that led to bebop .		did he work with anyone else of note ?		1938 parker joined pianist jay mcshann 's territory band .		what did they do together ?		the band toured nightclubs and other venues of the southwest , as well as chicago and new york city .		did they gain any recognition then ?		parker made his professional recording debut with mcshann 's band .		where else did they tour ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1937 , parker played at a jam session at the reno club in kansas city . his attempt to improvise failed		why did it fail ?		why did parker 's attempt to improvise fail ?
fairport convention		developing british folk rock		who developed british folk rock ?		who developed british folk rock ?
fairport convention		developing british folk rock		who developed british folk rock ?		i do n't know .		what did they do next ?		what did fairport convention do next ?
fairport convention		developing british folk rock		who developed british folk rock ?		i do n't know .		what did they do next ?		usually considered the highpoint of the band 's long career , liege & lief was a huge leap forward in concept and musicality . the		what was their greatest achievement ?		what was fairport convention greatest achievement ?
fairport convention		developing british folk rock		who developed british folk rock ?		i do n't know .		what did they do next ?		usually considered the highpoint of the band 's long career , liege & lief was a huge leap forward in concept and musicality . the		what was their greatest achievement ?		liege & lief was launched with a sell - out concert in london 's royal festival hall late in 1969 .		did they release any albums ?		did fairport convention release any albums ?
hanson ( band )		2001 - 05 : independent career		whose independent career was this ?		whose independent career was the hanson band ?
hanson ( band )		2001 - 05 : independent career		whose independent career was this ?		in the early to mid-1990s , isaac , taylor and zac sang a cappella and recorded such classic songs as " rockin ' robin " , " splish splash " and " johnny b. goode " ,		which other songs did they record ?		which other songs did hanson record besides " rockin ' robin " , " splish splash " and " johnny b. goode " ?
hanson ( band )		2001 - 05 : independent career		whose independent career was this ?		in the early to mid-1990s , isaac , taylor and zac sang a cappella and recorded such classic songs as " rockin ' robin " , " splish splash " and " johnny b. goode " ,		which other songs did they record ?		the band recorded two independent albums in their hometown of tulsa , boomerang ( recorded in autumn 1994 , released in 1995 ) and mmmbop ( released in 1996 ) .		did those two albums feature their a cappella singing ?		did boomerand and mmmbop feature hanson 's a cappella singing ?
hanson ( band )		2001 - 05 : independent career		whose independent career was this ?		in the early to mid-1990s , isaac , taylor and zac sang a cappella and recorded such classic songs as " rockin ' robin " , " splish splash " and " johnny b. goode " ,		which other songs did they record ?		the band recorded two independent albums in their hometown of tulsa , boomerang ( recorded in autumn 1994 , released in 1995 ) and mmmbop ( released in 1996 ) .		did those two albums feature their a cappella singing ?		all three boys started their musical careers as pianists , but isaac eventually started playing guitar and zac started playing drums , while taylor continued as the keyboard player .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about the hanson in addition to their independent career ?
hanson ( band )		2001 - 05 : independent career		whose independent career was this ?		in the early to mid-1990s , isaac , taylor and zac sang a cappella and recorded such classic songs as " rockin ' robin " , " splish splash " and " johnny b. goode " ,		which other songs did they record ?		the band recorded two independent albums in their hometown of tulsa , boomerang ( recorded in autumn 1994 , released in 1995 ) and mmmbop ( released in 1996 ) .		did those two albums feature their a cappella singing ?		all three boys started their musical careers as pianists , but isaac eventually started playing guitar and zac started playing drums , while taylor continued as the keyboard player .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the boys then found themselves at the south by southwest ( aka sxsw ) music festival in austin ,		did they perform at that festival ?		did the hanson perform at south by southwest festival ?
hanson ( band )		2001 - 05 : independent career		whose independent career was this ?		in the early to mid-1990s , isaac , taylor and zac sang a cappella and recorded such classic songs as " rockin ' robin " , " splish splash " and " johnny b. goode " ,		which other songs did they record ?		the band recorded two independent albums in their hometown of tulsa , boomerang ( recorded in autumn 1994 , released in 1995 ) and mmmbop ( released in 1996 ) .		did those two albums feature their a cappella singing ?		all three boys started their musical careers as pianists , but isaac eventually started playing guitar and zac started playing drums , while taylor continued as the keyboard player .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the boys then found themselves at the south by southwest ( aka sxsw ) music festival in austin ,		did they perform at that festival ?		there , they were promptly signed by manager christopher sabec . he shopped them to several record companies ,		which record company signed them ?		which record company signed the hanson ?
hanson ( band )		2001 - 05 : independent career		whose independent career was this ?		in the early to mid-1990s , isaac , taylor and zac sang a cappella and recorded such classic songs as " rockin ' robin " , " splish splash " and " johnny b. goode " ,		which other songs did they record ?		the band recorded two independent albums in their hometown of tulsa , boomerang ( recorded in autumn 1994 , released in 1995 ) and mmmbop ( released in 1996 ) .		did those two albums feature their a cappella singing ?		all three boys started their musical careers as pianists , but isaac eventually started playing guitar and zac started playing drums , while taylor continued as the keyboard player .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the boys then found themselves at the south by southwest ( aka sxsw ) music festival in austin ,		did they perform at that festival ?		there , they were promptly signed by manager christopher sabec . he shopped them to several record companies ,		which record company signed them ?		mercury .		did any other companies want to sign them ?		did any other companies want to sign the hanson besides mercury ?
hanson ( band )		2001 - 05 : independent career		whose independent career was this ?		in the early to mid-1990s , isaac , taylor and zac sang a cappella and recorded such classic songs as " rockin ' robin " , " splish splash " and " johnny b. goode " ,		which other songs did they record ?		the band recorded two independent albums in their hometown of tulsa , boomerang ( recorded in autumn 1994 , released in 1995 ) and mmmbop ( released in 1996 ) .		did those two albums feature their a cappella singing ?		all three boys started their musical careers as pianists , but isaac eventually started playing guitar and zac started playing drums , while taylor continued as the keyboard player .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the boys then found themselves at the south by southwest ( aka sxsw ) music festival in austin ,		did they perform at that festival ?		there , they were promptly signed by manager christopher sabec . he shopped them to several record companies ,		which record company signed them ?		mercury .		did any other companies want to sign them ?		after this performance , they were signed almost immediately by mercury .		what did they release under the mercury label ?		what did hanson release under the mercury label ?
hanson ( band )		2001 - 05 : independent career		whose independent career was this ?		in the early to mid-1990s , isaac , taylor and zac sang a cappella and recorded such classic songs as " rockin ' robin " , " splish splash " and " johnny b. goode " ,		which other songs did they record ?		the band recorded two independent albums in their hometown of tulsa , boomerang ( recorded in autumn 1994 , released in 1995 ) and mmmbop ( released in 1996 ) .		did those two albums feature their a cappella singing ?		all three boys started their musical careers as pianists , but isaac eventually started playing guitar and zac started playing drums , while taylor continued as the keyboard player .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the boys then found themselves at the south by southwest ( aka sxsw ) music festival in austin ,		did they perform at that festival ?		there , they were promptly signed by manager christopher sabec . he shopped them to several record companies ,		which record company signed them ?		mercury .		did any other companies want to sign them ?		after this performance , they were signed almost immediately by mercury .		what did they release under the mercury label ?		they soon became a worldwide sensation with the release of their first major - label album , middle of nowhere ,		any hit singles on that ?		any hit singles on hanson 's middle of nowhere album ?
william lloyd garrison		organization and reaction		what kind of organization did garrison work with ?		what kind of organization did william lloyd garrison work with ?
william lloyd garrison		organization and reaction		what kind of organization did garrison work with ?		in addition to publishing the liberator , garrison spearheaded the organization of a new movement to demand the total abolition of slavery in the united states .		who did garrison work with ?		who did william lloyd garrison work with ?
william lloyd garrison		organization and reaction		what kind of organization did garrison work with ?		in addition to publishing the liberator , garrison spearheaded the organization of a new movement to demand the total abolition of slavery in the united states .		who did garrison work with ?		january 1832 , he had attracted enough followers to organize the new - england anti - slavery society which , by the following summer , had dozens of affiliates and several thousand members . in december 1833 ,		was he successful in his anti slavery work ?		was william lloyd garrison successful in his anti slavery work ?
william lloyd garrison		organization and reaction		what kind of organization did garrison work with ?		in addition to publishing the liberator , garrison spearheaded the organization of a new movement to demand the total abolition of slavery in the united states .		who did garrison work with ?		january 1832 , he had attracted enough followers to organize the new - england anti - slavery society which , by the following summer , had dozens of affiliates and several thousand members . in december 1833 ,		was he successful in his anti slavery work ?		founded the american anti - slavery society ( aas ) . although the new england society reorganized in 1835 as the massachusetts anti - slavery society , enabling state societies to form in the other new england states ,		was garrison also an orator ( speaker ) ?		was william lloyd garrison also an orator ( speaker ) ?
william lloyd garrison		organization and reaction		what kind of organization did garrison work with ?		in addition to publishing the liberator , garrison spearheaded the organization of a new movement to demand the total abolition of slavery in the united states .		who did garrison work with ?		january 1832 , he had attracted enough followers to organize the new - england anti - slavery society which , by the following summer , had dozens of affiliates and several thousand members . in december 1833 ,		was he successful in his anti slavery work ?		founded the american anti - slavery society ( aas ) . although the new england society reorganized in 1835 as the massachusetts anti - slavery society , enabling state societies to form in the other new england states ,		was garrison also an orator ( speaker ) ?		on october 21 , 1835 , a mob of several thousand surrounded the building housing boston 's anti - slavery offices , where garrison had agreed to address a meeting of the boston female anti - slavery society		what happened on oct. 21 , 1835 when he was mobbed ?		what happened on oct. 21 , 1835 when william lloyd garrison was mobbed ?
william lloyd garrison		organization and reaction		what kind of organization did garrison work with ?		in addition to publishing the liberator , garrison spearheaded the organization of a new movement to demand the total abolition of slavery in the united states .		who did garrison work with ?		january 1832 , he had attracted enough followers to organize the new - england anti - slavery society which , by the following summer , had dozens of affiliates and several thousand members . in december 1833 ,		was he successful in his anti slavery work ?		founded the american anti - slavery society ( aas ) . although the new england society reorganized in 1835 as the massachusetts anti - slavery society , enabling state societies to form in the other new england states ,		was garrison also an orator ( speaker ) ?		on october 21 , 1835 , a mob of several thousand surrounded the building housing boston 's anti - slavery offices , where garrison had agreed to address a meeting of the boston female anti - slavery society		what happened on oct. 21 , 1835 when he was mobbed ?		after the fiery british abolitionist george thompson was unable to keep his engagement with them .		what happened after the mobbing in oct. of 1835 ?		what happened after william lloyd garrison 's mobbing in oct. of 1835 ?
william lloyd garrison		organization and reaction		what kind of organization did garrison work with ?		in addition to publishing the liberator , garrison spearheaded the organization of a new movement to demand the total abolition of slavery in the united states .		who did garrison work with ?		january 1832 , he had attracted enough followers to organize the new - england anti - slavery society which , by the following summer , had dozens of affiliates and several thousand members . in december 1833 ,		was he successful in his anti slavery work ?		founded the american anti - slavery society ( aas ) . although the new england society reorganized in 1835 as the massachusetts anti - slavery society , enabling state societies to form in the other new england states ,		was garrison also an orator ( speaker ) ?		on october 21 , 1835 , a mob of several thousand surrounded the building housing boston 's anti - slavery offices , where garrison had agreed to address a meeting of the boston female anti - slavery society		what happened on oct. 21 , 1835 when he was mobbed ?		after the fiery british abolitionist george thompson was unable to keep his engagement with them .		what happened after the mobbing in oct. of 1835 ?		mayor theodore lyman persuaded the women to leave the building , but when the mob learned that thompson was not within , they began yelling for garrison .		what happened with garrison after the women left the building in the mobbing in 1835 ?		what happened with william lloyd garrison after the women left the building in the mobbing in 1835 ?
throbbing gristle		third era : 2011-current		what happened during the third era ?		what happened during the third era ?
throbbing gristle		third era : 2011-current		what happened during the third era ?		in 2011 , industrial records had an official " re - activation " , as tg 's contract with mute records had expired .		what is a re - activation ?		what is a re - activation with mute records ?
throbbing gristle		third era : 2011-current		what happened during the third era ?		in 2011 , industrial records had an official " re - activation " , as tg 's contract with mute records had expired .		what is a re - activation ?		since tg has permanently disbanded following the death of christopherson , the label 's plan is to re - release the original tg albums (		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the re - release of the original throbbing gristle albums , are there any other interesting aspects about the article ?
throbbing gristle		third era : 2011-current		what happened during the third era ?		in 2011 , industrial records had an official " re - activation " , as tg 's contract with mute records had expired .		what is a re - activation ?		since tg has permanently disbanded following the death of christopherson , the label 's plan is to re - release the original tg albums (		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		a group decision had been made prior to christopherson 's death that the album would be recorded afresh , as they were not satisfied with the ica recordings .		why were n't they satisfied with the recordings ?		why was n't throbbing gristle satisfied with the recordings ?
throbbing gristle		third era : 2011-current		what happened during the third era ?		in 2011 , industrial records had an official " re - activation " , as tg 's contract with mute records had expired .		what is a re - activation ?		since tg has permanently disbanded following the death of christopherson , the label 's plan is to re - release the original tg albums (		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		a group decision had been made prior to christopherson 's death that the album would be recorded afresh , as they were not satisfied with the ica recordings .		why were n't they satisfied with the recordings ?		i do n't know .		what did christopherson die of ?		what did throbbing gristle 's christopherson die of ?
throbbing gristle		third era : 2011-current		what happened during the third era ?		in 2011 , industrial records had an official " re - activation " , as tg 's contract with mute records had expired .		what is a re - activation ?		since tg has permanently disbanded following the death of christopherson , the label 's plan is to re - release the original tg albums (		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		a group decision had been made prior to christopherson 's death that the album would be recorded afresh , as they were not satisfied with the ica recordings .		why were n't they satisfied with the recordings ?		i do n't know .		what did christopherson die of ?		i do n't know .		what was the most interesting part of the article to you ?		what was the most interesting part of the throbbing gristle article to you ?
throbbing gristle		third era : 2011-current		what happened during the third era ?		in 2011 , industrial records had an official " re - activation " , as tg 's contract with mute records had expired .		what is a re - activation ?		since tg has permanently disbanded following the death of christopherson , the label 's plan is to re - release the original tg albums (		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		a group decision had been made prior to christopherson 's death that the album would be recorded afresh , as they were not satisfied with the ica recordings .		why were n't they satisfied with the recordings ?		i do n't know .		what did christopherson die of ?		i do n't know .		what was the most interesting part of the article to you ?		a group decision had been made prior to christopherson 's death that the album would be recorded afresh , as they were not satisfied with the ica recordings .		were they satisfied with the new recording ?		was throbbing gristle satisfied with the new recording ?
throbbing gristle		first era : 1976 - 1981		what about the first era 1976 - 1981 ?		what about the first era of throbbing gristle 1976 - 1981 ?
throbbing gristle		first era : 1976 - 1981		what about the first era 1976 - 1981 ?		prostitution , an exhibition which was held in october 1976 at the institute of contemporary arts		was it well - received ?		was the first era of throbbing gristle well - received ?
throbbing gristle		first era : 1976 - 1981		what about the first era 1976 - 1981 ?		prostitution , an exhibition which was held in october 1976 at the institute of contemporary arts		was it well - received ?		i do n't know .		was there any other exhibitions ?		was there any other exhibitions other than the first era of throbbing gristle ?
throbbing gristle		first era : 1976 - 1981		what about the first era 1976 - 1981 ?		prostitution , an exhibition which was held in october 1976 at the institute of contemporary arts		was it well - received ?		i do n't know .		was there any other exhibitions ?		i do n't know .		what was throbbing gristle ?		what was throbbing gristle ?
throbbing gristle		first era : 1976 - 1981		what about the first era 1976 - 1981 ?		prostitution , an exhibition which was held in october 1976 at the institute of contemporary arts		was it well - received ?		i do n't know .		was there any other exhibitions ?		i do n't know .		what was throbbing gristle ?		pornography and photographs of nazi concentration camps ,		did that upset people ?		did throbbing gristle upset people ?
throbbing gristle		first era : 1976 - 1981		what about the first era 1976 - 1981 ?		prostitution , an exhibition which was held in october 1976 at the institute of contemporary arts		was it well - received ?		i do n't know .		was there any other exhibitions ?		i do n't know .		what was throbbing gristle ?		pornography and photographs of nazi concentration camps ,		did that upset people ?		gave the group a notorious reputation .		after throbbing gristle did they become more popular ?		after the first era of throbbing gristle did they become more popular ?
zulfikar ali bhutto		foreign policy		what are the highlights of bhutto 's foreign policy ?		what are the highlights of bhutto 's foreign policy ?
zulfikar ali bhutto		foreign policy		what are the highlights of bhutto 's foreign policy ?		shortly after assuming control , bhutto 's government imposed some conditions on the dismissal of workers .		what conditions were imposed on the dismissal of workers ?		under bhutto 's foreign policy what conditions were imposed on the dismissal of workers ?
zulfikar ali bhutto		foreign policy		what are the highlights of bhutto 's foreign policy ?		shortly after assuming control , bhutto 's government imposed some conditions on the dismissal of workers .		what conditions were imposed on the dismissal of workers ?		the government instituted labour courts for the speedy redress of workers ' grievances and the government also introduced a scheme for workers ' participation in management ,		how were these reforms received by workers ?		how were labour courts and the scheme for workers ' participation in management received by workers ?
zulfikar ali bhutto		foreign policy		what are the highlights of bhutto 's foreign policy ?		shortly after assuming control , bhutto 's government imposed some conditions on the dismissal of workers .		what conditions were imposed on the dismissal of workers ?		the government instituted labour courts for the speedy redress of workers ' grievances and the government also introduced a scheme for workers ' participation in management ,		how were these reforms received by workers ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides conditions on the dismissal of workers are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
zulfikar ali bhutto		foreign policy		what are the highlights of bhutto 's foreign policy ?		shortly after assuming control , bhutto 's government imposed some conditions on the dismissal of workers .		what conditions were imposed on the dismissal of workers ?		the government instituted labour courts for the speedy redress of workers ' grievances and the government also introduced a scheme for workers ' participation in management ,		how were these reforms received by workers ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the bhutto government initially provided for some old age benefits for workers through group insurance , increased rates of compensation and higher rates of gratuity .		what did the public think of these reforms ?		what did the public think of labour courts and the scheme for workers ' participation in management reforms ?
dick butkus		1965 - 1970		what occurred in 1965 ?		what occurred in 1965 ?
dick butkus		1965 - 1970		what occurred in 1965 ?		butkus made an immediate impact as a rookie .		what team was he with ?		what team was butkus with ?
dick butkus		1965 - 1970		what occurred in 1965 ?		butkus made an immediate impact as a rookie .		what team was he with ?		bears		what was his position ?		what was butkus 's position ?
dick butkus		1965 - 1970		what occurred in 1965 ?		butkus made an immediate impact as a rookie .		what team was he with ?		bears		what was his position ?		middle linebacker ,		what was his playing style ?		what was butkus 's playing style ?
dick butkus		1965 - 1970		what occurred in 1965 ?		butkus made an immediate impact as a rookie .		what team was he with ?		bears		what was his position ?		middle linebacker ,		what was his playing style ?		butkus developed a reputation around the league as one of its best players .		what were some of his tackle finsihes ?		what were some of butkus 's tackle finsihes ?
dick butkus		1965 - 1970		what occurred in 1965 ?		butkus made an immediate impact as a rookie .		what team was he with ?		bears		what was his position ?		middle linebacker ,		what was his playing style ?		butkus developed a reputation around the league as one of its best players .		what were some of his tackle finsihes ?		he also recorded 25 tackles in the game ,		did he win any awards ?		did butkus win any awards ?
dick butkus		1965 - 1970		what occurred in 1965 ?		butkus made an immediate impact as a rookie .		what team was he with ?		bears		what was his position ?		middle linebacker ,		what was his playing style ?		butkus developed a reputation around the league as one of its best players .		what were some of his tackle finsihes ?		he also recorded 25 tackles in the game ,		did he win any awards ?		named the nfl defensive player of the week		did he have a contract with the bears ?		did butkus have a contract with the bears ?
bill walton		portland trail blazers		what is the portland trail blazers		what is the portland trail blazers
bill walton		portland trail blazers		what is the portland trail blazers		portland trail blazers in the 1974 nba draft		when did he join the portland trailblazers ?		when did walton join the portland trailblazers ?
bill walton		portland trail blazers		what is the portland trail blazers		portland trail blazers in the 1974 nba draft		when did he join the portland trailblazers ?		1974 nba draft and was hailed as the savior of the portland franchise . he signed with the trail blazers		against whom did he play while with the trailblazers ?		against whom did walton play while with the trailblazers ?
bill walton		portland trail blazers		what is the portland trail blazers		portland trail blazers in the 1974 nba draft		when did he join the portland trailblazers ?		1974 nba draft and was hailed as the savior of the portland franchise . he signed with the trail blazers		against whom did he play while with the trailblazers ?		walton returned to action for the playoffs , but was reinjured in the second game of a series against the seattle supersonics .		did he have any notable wins ?		did walton have any notable wins ?
bill walton		portland trail blazers		what is the portland trail blazers		portland trail blazers in the 1974 nba draft		when did he join the portland trailblazers ?		1974 nba draft and was hailed as the savior of the portland franchise . he signed with the trail blazers		against whom did he play while with the trailblazers ?		walton returned to action for the playoffs , but was reinjured in the second game of a series against the seattle supersonics .		did he have any notable wins ?		he nonetheless won the league mvp that season ( 1978 ) and the sporting news nba mvp , as well .		what did he do after the trailblazers ?		what did walton do after the trailblazers ?
bill walton		portland trail blazers		what is the portland trail blazers		portland trail blazers in the 1974 nba draft		when did he join the portland trailblazers ?		1974 nba draft and was hailed as the savior of the portland franchise . he signed with the trail blazers		against whom did he play while with the trailblazers ?		walton returned to action for the playoffs , but was reinjured in the second game of a series against the seattle supersonics .		did he have any notable wins ?		he nonetheless won the league mvp that season ( 1978 ) and the sporting news nba mvp , as well .		what did he do after the trailblazers ?		walton demanded to be traded , citing unethical and incompetent treatment of his and other players ' injuries		when did he leave the trailblazers ?		when did walton leave the trailblazers ?
bill walton		portland trail blazers		what is the portland trail blazers		portland trail blazers in the 1974 nba draft		when did he join the portland trailblazers ?		1974 nba draft and was hailed as the savior of the portland franchise . he signed with the trail blazers		against whom did he play while with the trailblazers ?		walton returned to action for the playoffs , but was reinjured in the second game of a series against the seattle supersonics .		did he have any notable wins ?		he nonetheless won the league mvp that season ( 1978 ) and the sporting news nba mvp , as well .		what did he do after the trailblazers ?		walton demanded to be traded , citing unethical and incompetent treatment of his and other players ' injuries		when did he leave the trailblazers ?		he did not get his wish and sat out the 1978 - 79 season in protest , signing with the san diego clippers when he became a free agent in 1979 .		when did he retire ?		when did walton retire ?
steven tyler		julia holcomb		who is julia ?		who is julia holcomb ?
steven tyler		julia holcomb		who is julia ?		16-year - old groupie julia holcomb		what was her relationship to tyler ?		what was julia holcomb 's relationship to steven tyler ?
steven tyler		julia holcomb		who is julia ?		16-year - old groupie julia holcomb		what was her relationship to tyler ?		they dated		when did they date ?		when did steven tyler and julia holcomb date ?
steven tyler		julia holcomb		who is julia ?		16-year - old groupie julia holcomb		what was her relationship to tyler ?		they dated		when did they date ?		three years .		did tyler discuss their relationship ?		did steven tyler discuss his and julia holcomb 's relationship ?
steven tyler		julia holcomb		who is julia ?		16-year - old groupie julia holcomb		what was her relationship to tyler ?		they dated		when did they date ?		three years .		did tyler discuss their relationship ?		holcomb was referred to as " diana hall " by the editor of the aerosmith autobiography walk this way in an attempt to conceal her identity ,		why were they concealing her identity ?		why were steven tyler and the editor of the aerosmith autobiography concealing julia holcomb 's identity ?
steven tyler		julia holcomb		who is julia ?		16-year - old groupie julia holcomb		what was her relationship to tyler ?		they dated		when did they date ?		three years .		did tyler discuss their relationship ?		holcomb was referred to as " diana hall " by the editor of the aerosmith autobiography walk this way in an attempt to conceal her identity ,		why were they concealing her identity ?		i do n't know .		what stands out about their relationship ?		what stands out about steven tyler 's and julia holcomb 's relationship ?
steven tyler		julia holcomb		who is julia ?		16-year - old groupie julia holcomb		what was her relationship to tyler ?		they dated		when did they date ?		three years .		did tyler discuss their relationship ?		holcomb was referred to as " diana hall " by the editor of the aerosmith autobiography walk this way in an attempt to conceal her identity ,		why were they concealing her identity ?		i do n't know .		what stands out about their relationship ?		and a planned pregnancy that resulted in an abortion		why did they have an abortion ?		why did steven tyler and julia holcomb have an abortion ?
steven tyler		julia holcomb		who is julia ?		16-year - old groupie julia holcomb		what was her relationship to tyler ?		they dated		when did they date ?		three years .		did tyler discuss their relationship ?		holcomb was referred to as " diana hall " by the editor of the aerosmith autobiography walk this way in an attempt to conceal her identity ,		why were they concealing her identity ?		i do n't know .		what stands out about their relationship ?		and a planned pregnancy that resulted in an abortion		why did they have an abortion ?		tyler was worried that the fire 's smoke and drugs might lead to birth defects .		did either of them discuss it publicly ?		did steven tyler or julia holcomb discuss the abortion publicly ?
steven tyler		julia holcomb		who is julia ?		16-year - old groupie julia holcomb		what was her relationship to tyler ?		they dated		when did they date ?		three years .		did tyler discuss their relationship ?		holcomb was referred to as " diana hall " by the editor of the aerosmith autobiography walk this way in an attempt to conceal her identity ,		why were they concealing her identity ?		i do n't know .		what stands out about their relationship ?		and a planned pregnancy that resulted in an abortion		why did they have an abortion ?		tyler was worried that the fire 's smoke and drugs might lead to birth defects .		did either of them discuss it publicly ?		tyler wrote , " it was a big crisis . it 's a major thing when you 're growing something with a woman ,		did julia discuss it ?		did julia holcomb discuss the abortion ?
steven tyler		julia holcomb		who is julia ?		16-year - old groupie julia holcomb		what was her relationship to tyler ?		they dated		when did they date ?		three years .		did tyler discuss their relationship ?		holcomb was referred to as " diana hall " by the editor of the aerosmith autobiography walk this way in an attempt to conceal her identity ,		why were they concealing her identity ?		i do n't know .		what stands out about their relationship ?		and a planned pregnancy that resulted in an abortion		why did they have an abortion ?		tyler was worried that the fire 's smoke and drugs might lead to birth defects .		did either of them discuss it publicly ?		tyler wrote , " it was a big crisis . it 's a major thing when you 're growing something with a woman ,		did julia discuss it ?		julia holcomb revealed her regret for having the abortion ,		is there anything else she did during this time ?		other than revealing her regret for having an abortion , is there anything julia holcomb did during the time she dated steven tyler ?
katherine harris		lack of republican support		why does harris not have the republican support ?		why does harris not have the republican support ?
katherine harris		lack of republican support		why does harris not have the republican support ?		harris touted political endorsements from fellow republican lawmakers on her campaign web site . however , some of those cited claim that they never endorsed her .		who she did claim did support her , but did n't ?		who did harris claim did support her , but did n't ?
katherine harris		lack of republican support		why does harris not have the republican support ?		harris touted political endorsements from fellow republican lawmakers on her campaign web site . however , some of those cited claim that they never endorsed her .		who she did claim did support her , but did n't ?		several republican congressmen calling the harris campaign to complain		did she issue a statement ?		did harris issue a statement ?
katherine harris		lack of republican support		why does harris not have the republican support ?		harris touted political endorsements from fellow republican lawmakers on her campaign web site . however , some of those cited claim that they never endorsed her .		who she did claim did support her , but did n't ?		several republican congressmen calling the harris campaign to complain		did she issue a statement ?		a short time later , their names were removed without comment from harris 's web site .		has she done anything illegal ?		has harris done anything illegal ?
katherine harris		lack of republican support		why does harris not have the republican support ?		harris touted political endorsements from fellow republican lawmakers on her campaign web site . however , some of those cited claim that they never endorsed her .		who she did claim did support her , but did n't ?		several republican congressmen calling the harris campaign to complain		did she issue a statement ?		a short time later , their names were removed without comment from harris 's web site .		has she done anything illegal ?		i do n't know .		did she run for office anyway ?		did harris run for office anyway ?
augusta , lady gregory		early writings		what were some of the early writings of augusta ?		what were some of the early writings of augusta ?
augusta , lady gregory		early writings		what were some of the early writings of augusta ?		lady gregory had an affair with the english poet wilfrid scawen blunt , during which she wrote a series of love poems , a woman 's sonnets .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from a woman 's sonnets , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
augusta , lady gregory		early writings		what were some of the early writings of augusta ?		lady gregory had an affair with the english poet wilfrid scawen blunt , during which she wrote a series of love poems , a woman 's sonnets .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		her earliest work to appear under her own name was arabi and his household ( 1882 ) , a pamphlet -- originally a letter to the times		how were her early writings received by critics and the public ?		how were augusta 's early writings received by critics and the public ?
augusta , lady gregory		early writings		what were some of the early writings of augusta ?		lady gregory had an affair with the english poet wilfrid scawen blunt , during which she wrote a series of love poems , a woman 's sonnets .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		her earliest work to appear under her own name was arabi and his household ( 1882 ) , a pamphlet -- originally a letter to the times		how were her early writings received by critics and the public ?		i do n't know .		what other works did she produce early on ?		in addition to arabi and his household , what other works did augusta produce earlier on ?
augusta , lady gregory		early writings		what were some of the early writings of augusta ?		lady gregory had an affair with the english poet wilfrid scawen blunt , during which she wrote a series of love poems , a woman 's sonnets .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		her earliest work to appear under her own name was arabi and his household ( 1882 ) , a pamphlet -- originally a letter to the times		how were her early writings received by critics and the public ?		i do n't know .		what other works did she produce early on ?		in 1893 she published a phantom 's pilgrimage , or home ruin , an anti - nationalist pamphlet against william ewart gladstone 's proposed second home rule act .		did she collaborate with anyone ?		did augusta collaborate with anyone ?
augusta , lady gregory		early writings		what were some of the early writings of augusta ?		lady gregory had an affair with the english poet wilfrid scawen blunt , during which she wrote a series of love poems , a woman 's sonnets .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		her earliest work to appear under her own name was arabi and his household ( 1882 ) , a pamphlet -- originally a letter to the times		how were her early writings received by critics and the public ?		i do n't know .		what other works did she produce early on ?		in 1893 she published a phantom 's pilgrimage , or home ruin , an anti - nationalist pamphlet against william ewart gladstone 's proposed second home rule act .		did she collaborate with anyone ?		i do n't know .		what were her best - known works ?		what were augusta best - known works ?
augusta , lady gregory		early writings		what were some of the early writings of augusta ?		lady gregory had an affair with the english poet wilfrid scawen blunt , during which she wrote a series of love poems , a woman 's sonnets .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		her earliest work to appear under her own name was arabi and his household ( 1882 ) , a pamphlet -- originally a letter to the times		how were her early writings received by critics and the public ?		i do n't know .		what other works did she produce early on ?		in 1893 she published a phantom 's pilgrimage , or home ruin , an anti - nationalist pamphlet against william ewart gladstone 's proposed second home rule act .		did she collaborate with anyone ?		i do n't know .		what were her best - known works ?		i do n't know .		what plays did she write ?		what plays did augusta write ?
prince philip , duke of edinburgh		naval and wartime service		when did philip join the military ?		when did prince philip join the military ?
prince philip , duke of edinburgh		naval and wartime service		when did philip join the military ?		after leaving gordonstoun in 1939 , philip joined the royal navy ,		did he serve in any war ?		did prince phillip serve in any war ?
prince philip , duke of edinburgh		naval and wartime service		when did philip join the military ?		after leaving gordonstoun in 1939 , philip joined the royal navy ,		did he serve in any war ?		during the second world war , he continued to serve in the british forces ,		when did he retire from the forces ?		when did prince phillip retire from the british forces ?
prince philip , duke of edinburgh		naval and wartime service		when did philip join the military ?		after leaving gordonstoun in 1939 , philip joined the royal navy ,		did he serve in any war ?		during the second world war , he continued to serve in the british forces ,		when did he retire from the forces ?		in january 1946 , philip returned to the united kingdom on the whelp , and was posted as an instructor at hms royal arthur , the petty officers ' school in corsham , wiltshire .		did philip go to college ?		did prince philip go to college ?
prince philip , duke of edinburgh		naval and wartime service		when did philip join the military ?		after leaving gordonstoun in 1939 , philip joined the royal navy ,		did he serve in any war ?		during the second world war , he continued to serve in the british forces ,		when did he retire from the forces ?		in january 1946 , philip returned to the united kingdom on the whelp , and was posted as an instructor at hms royal arthur , the petty officers ' school in corsham , wiltshire .		did philip go to college ?		graduating the next year from the royal naval college , dartmouth , as the best cadet in his course .		were there other wars that he was involved in ?		other than the second world war , were there other wars that prince phillip was involved in ?
prince philip , duke of edinburgh		naval and wartime service		when did philip join the military ?		after leaving gordonstoun in 1939 , philip joined the royal navy ,		did he serve in any war ?		during the second world war , he continued to serve in the british forces ,		when did he retire from the forces ?		in january 1946 , philip returned to the united kingdom on the whelp , and was posted as an instructor at hms royal arthur , the petty officers ' school in corsham , wiltshire .		did philip go to college ?		graduating the next year from the royal naval college , dartmouth , as the best cadet in his course .		were there other wars that he was involved in ?		after the invasion of greece by italy in october 1940 , he was transferred from the indian ocean to the battleship hms valiant in the mediterranean fleet .		was he in the force with other royals ?		was prince phillip in the british force with other royals ?
prince philip , duke of edinburgh		naval and wartime service		when did philip join the military ?		after leaving gordonstoun in 1939 , philip joined the royal navy ,		did he serve in any war ?		during the second world war , he continued to serve in the british forces ,		when did he retire from the forces ?		in january 1946 , philip returned to the united kingdom on the whelp , and was posted as an instructor at hms royal arthur , the petty officers ' school in corsham , wiltshire .		did philip go to college ?		graduating the next year from the royal naval college , dartmouth , as the best cadet in his course .		were there other wars that he was involved in ?		after the invasion of greece by italy in october 1940 , he was transferred from the indian ocean to the battleship hms valiant in the mediterranean fleet .		was he in the force with other royals ?		two of his brothers - in - law , prince christoph of hesse and berthold , margrave of baden , fought on the opposing german side .		was philip ever promoted while in the force ?		was prince philip ever promoted while in the british force ?
prince philip , duke of edinburgh		naval and wartime service		when did philip join the military ?		after leaving gordonstoun in 1939 , philip joined the royal navy ,		did he serve in any war ?		during the second world war , he continued to serve in the british forces ,		when did he retire from the forces ?		in january 1946 , philip returned to the united kingdom on the whelp , and was posted as an instructor at hms royal arthur , the petty officers ' school in corsham , wiltshire .		did philip go to college ?		graduating the next year from the royal naval college , dartmouth , as the best cadet in his course .		were there other wars that he was involved in ?		after the invasion of greece by italy in october 1940 , he was transferred from the indian ocean to the battleship hms valiant in the mediterranean fleet .		was he in the force with other royals ?		two of his brothers - in - law , prince christoph of hesse and berthold , margrave of baden , fought on the opposing german side .		was philip ever promoted while in the force ?		philip was appointed as a midshipman in january 1940 .		are there any interesting aspects in the article ?		other than prince phillip going to college and being in the british forces , are there any interesting aspects in the article ?
prince philip , duke of edinburgh		naval and wartime service		when did philip join the military ?		after leaving gordonstoun in 1939 , philip joined the royal navy ,		did he serve in any war ?		during the second world war , he continued to serve in the british forces ,		when did he retire from the forces ?		in january 1946 , philip returned to the united kingdom on the whelp , and was posted as an instructor at hms royal arthur , the petty officers ' school in corsham , wiltshire .		did philip go to college ?		graduating the next year from the royal naval college , dartmouth , as the best cadet in his course .		were there other wars that he was involved in ?		after the invasion of greece by italy in october 1940 , he was transferred from the indian ocean to the battleship hms valiant in the mediterranean fleet .		was he in the force with other royals ?		two of his brothers - in - law , prince christoph of hesse and berthold , margrave of baden , fought on the opposing german side .		was philip ever promoted while in the force ?		philip was appointed as a midshipman in january 1940 .		are there any interesting aspects in the article ?		on 1 february 1941 , he was commissioned as a sub - lieutenant after a series of courses at portsmouth ,		what was the highest grade that he got to while in the navy ?		what was the highest grade that prince phillip got to while in the navy ?
prince philip , duke of edinburgh		naval and wartime service		when did philip join the military ?		after leaving gordonstoun in 1939 , philip joined the royal navy ,		did he serve in any war ?		during the second world war , he continued to serve in the british forces ,		when did he retire from the forces ?		in january 1946 , philip returned to the united kingdom on the whelp , and was posted as an instructor at hms royal arthur , the petty officers ' school in corsham , wiltshire .		did philip go to college ?		graduating the next year from the royal naval college , dartmouth , as the best cadet in his course .		were there other wars that he was involved in ?		after the invasion of greece by italy in october 1940 , he was transferred from the indian ocean to the battleship hms valiant in the mediterranean fleet .		was he in the force with other royals ?		two of his brothers - in - law , prince christoph of hesse and berthold , margrave of baden , fought on the opposing german side .		was philip ever promoted while in the force ?		philip was appointed as a midshipman in january 1940 .		are there any interesting aspects in the article ?		on 1 february 1941 , he was commissioned as a sub - lieutenant after a series of courses at portsmouth ,		what was the highest grade that he got to while in the navy ?		promotion to lieutenant followed on 16 july 1942 .		could you name a ship that he had beeen on when serving ?		could you name a ship that prince phillip had been on when serving the british forces ?
prince philip , duke of edinburgh		naval and wartime service		when did philip join the military ?		after leaving gordonstoun in 1939 , philip joined the royal navy ,		did he serve in any war ?		during the second world war , he continued to serve in the british forces ,		when did he retire from the forces ?		in january 1946 , philip returned to the united kingdom on the whelp , and was posted as an instructor at hms royal arthur , the petty officers ' school in corsham , wiltshire .		did philip go to college ?		graduating the next year from the royal naval college , dartmouth , as the best cadet in his course .		were there other wars that he was involved in ?		after the invasion of greece by italy in october 1940 , he was transferred from the indian ocean to the battleship hms valiant in the mediterranean fleet .		was he in the force with other royals ?		two of his brothers - in - law , prince christoph of hesse and berthold , margrave of baden , fought on the opposing german side .		was philip ever promoted while in the force ?		philip was appointed as a midshipman in january 1940 .		are there any interesting aspects in the article ?		on 1 february 1941 , he was commissioned as a sub - lieutenant after a series of courses at portsmouth ,		what was the highest grade that he got to while in the navy ?		promotion to lieutenant followed on 16 july 1942 .		could you name a ship that he had beeen on when serving ?		stoking the boilers of the troop transport ship rms empress of russia .		was he doing the job of stoking the boilers ?		was prince phillip doing the job of stoking the boilers ?
prince philip , duke of edinburgh		naval and wartime service		when did philip join the military ?		after leaving gordonstoun in 1939 , philip joined the royal navy ,		did he serve in any war ?		during the second world war , he continued to serve in the british forces ,		when did he retire from the forces ?		in january 1946 , philip returned to the united kingdom on the whelp , and was posted as an instructor at hms royal arthur , the petty officers ' school in corsham , wiltshire .		did philip go to college ?		graduating the next year from the royal naval college , dartmouth , as the best cadet in his course .		were there other wars that he was involved in ?		after the invasion of greece by italy in october 1940 , he was transferred from the indian ocean to the battleship hms valiant in the mediterranean fleet .		was he in the force with other royals ?		two of his brothers - in - law , prince christoph of hesse and berthold , margrave of baden , fought on the opposing german side .		was philip ever promoted while in the force ?		philip was appointed as a midshipman in january 1940 .		are there any interesting aspects in the article ?		on 1 february 1941 , he was commissioned as a sub - lieutenant after a series of courses at portsmouth ,		what was the highest grade that he got to while in the navy ?		promotion to lieutenant followed on 16 july 1942 .		could you name a ship that he had beeen on when serving ?		stoking the boilers of the troop transport ship rms empress of russia .		was he doing the job of stoking the boilers ?		duties of lesser glory included stoking the boilers of the troop transport ship rms empress of russia .		what was his grade level when stoking the boilers ?		what was prince phillip 's grade level when stoking the boilers ?
james blish		literary criticism and legacy		can you tell me about the general critical reception to jame 's bilsh 's work ?		can you tell me about the general critical reception to jame 's bilsh 's work ?
james blish		literary criticism and legacy		can you tell me about the general critical reception to jame 's bilsh 's work ?		his critiques were published in " fanzines " in the 1950s under the pseudonym william atheling , jr.		what is the greatest legacy of james blish ?		what is the greatest legacy of james blish ?
james blish		literary criticism and legacy		can you tell me about the general critical reception to jame 's bilsh 's work ?		his critiques were published in " fanzines " in the 1950s under the pseudonym william atheling , jr.		what is the greatest legacy of james blish ?		james blish developed many ideas and terms which have influenced other writers and on occasion have been adopted		who 's work has been influenced by james blish ?		who 's work has been influenced by james blish ?
james blish		literary criticism and legacy		can you tell me about the general critical reception to jame 's bilsh 's work ?		his critiques were published in " fanzines " in the 1950s under the pseudonym william atheling , jr.		what is the greatest legacy of james blish ?		james blish developed many ideas and terms which have influenced other writers and on occasion have been adopted		who 's work has been influenced by james blish ?		i do n't know .		did blish receive any awards ?		did blish receive any awards ?
latins ( italic tribe )		romulus		what can you tell me about romulus ?		what can you tell me about romulus ?
latins ( italic tribe )		romulus		what can you tell me about romulus ?		romulus himself was the subject of the famous legend of the suckling she - wolf ( lupa ) that kept romulus and his twin remus alive		what was this legend about ?		what was the legend about romulus ?
latins ( italic tribe )		romulus		what can you tell me about romulus ?		romulus himself was the subject of the famous legend of the suckling she - wolf ( lupa ) that kept romulus and his twin remus alive		what was this legend about ?		alive in a cave on the palatine hill ( the lupercal ) after they had been thrown into the river tiber on the orders of their wicked uncle , amulius .		what was a significant aspect of the article that stood out to you ?		what significant aspect of the article about romulus stood out to you ?
latins ( italic tribe )		romulus		what can you tell me about romulus ?		romulus himself was the subject of the famous legend of the suckling she - wolf ( lupa ) that kept romulus and his twin remus alive		what was this legend about ?		alive in a cave on the palatine hill ( the lupercal ) after they had been thrown into the river tiber on the orders of their wicked uncle , amulius .		what was a significant aspect of the article that stood out to you ?		mainstream scholarly opinion regards romulus as an entirely mythical character , and the legend fictitious .		what was their opinions about it ?		what was mainstream scholarly opinion about romulus ?
latins ( italic tribe )		romulus		what can you tell me about romulus ?		romulus himself was the subject of the famous legend of the suckling she - wolf ( lupa ) that kept romulus and his twin remus alive		what was this legend about ?		alive in a cave on the palatine hill ( the lupercal ) after they had been thrown into the river tiber on the orders of their wicked uncle , amulius .		what was a significant aspect of the article that stood out to you ?		mainstream scholarly opinion regards romulus as an entirely mythical character , and the legend fictitious .		what was their opinions about it ?		romulus was a name fabricated to provide rome with an eponymous founding hero , a common feature of classical foundation - myths ;		was romulus popular ?		was romulus popular ?
latins ( italic tribe )		romulus		what can you tell me about romulus ?		romulus himself was the subject of the famous legend of the suckling she - wolf ( lupa ) that kept romulus and his twin remus alive		what was this legend about ?		alive in a cave on the palatine hill ( the lupercal ) after they had been thrown into the river tiber on the orders of their wicked uncle , amulius .		what was a significant aspect of the article that stood out to you ?		mainstream scholarly opinion regards romulus as an entirely mythical character , and the legend fictitious .		what was their opinions about it ?		romulus was a name fabricated to provide rome with an eponymous founding hero , a common feature of classical foundation - myths ;		was romulus popular ?		i do n't know .		is there anything significant that romulus did during his time ?		did romulus do anything significant in his time ?
latins ( italic tribe )		romulus		what can you tell me about romulus ?		romulus himself was the subject of the famous legend of the suckling she - wolf ( lupa ) that kept romulus and his twin remus alive		what was this legend about ?		alive in a cave on the palatine hill ( the lupercal ) after they had been thrown into the river tiber on the orders of their wicked uncle , amulius .		what was a significant aspect of the article that stood out to you ?		mainstream scholarly opinion regards romulus as an entirely mythical character , and the legend fictitious .		what was their opinions about it ?		romulus was a name fabricated to provide rome with an eponymous founding hero , a common feature of classical foundation - myths ;		was romulus popular ?		i do n't know .		is there anything significant that romulus did during his time ?		in contrast , andrea carandini , an archaeologist who has spent most of his career excavating central rome , advanced the theory that romulus was a historical figure		why did they have that theory ?		why do mainstream experts believe that romulus was a fictional character ?
latins ( italic tribe )		romulus		what can you tell me about romulus ?		romulus himself was the subject of the famous legend of the suckling she - wolf ( lupa ) that kept romulus and his twin remus alive		what was this legend about ?		alive in a cave on the palatine hill ( the lupercal ) after they had been thrown into the river tiber on the orders of their wicked uncle , amulius .		what was a significant aspect of the article that stood out to you ?		mainstream scholarly opinion regards romulus as an entirely mythical character , and the legend fictitious .		what was their opinions about it ?		romulus was a name fabricated to provide rome with an eponymous founding hero , a common feature of classical foundation - myths ;		was romulus popular ?		i do n't know .		is there anything significant that romulus did during his time ?		in contrast , andrea carandini , an archaeologist who has spent most of his career excavating central rome , advanced the theory that romulus was a historical figure		why did they have that theory ?		it appears that the romulus legend of the suckling she - wolf is a genuine indigenous latin myth .		is there anything else that you thought was interesting in the article ?		is there anything else that you thought was interesting in the article other than mainstream expert opinion that romulus was fictitious ?
latins ( italic tribe )		romulus		what can you tell me about romulus ?		romulus himself was the subject of the famous legend of the suckling she - wolf ( lupa ) that kept romulus and his twin remus alive		what was this legend about ?		alive in a cave on the palatine hill ( the lupercal ) after they had been thrown into the river tiber on the orders of their wicked uncle , amulius .		what was a significant aspect of the article that stood out to you ?		mainstream scholarly opinion regards romulus as an entirely mythical character , and the legend fictitious .		what was their opinions about it ?		romulus was a name fabricated to provide rome with an eponymous founding hero , a common feature of classical foundation - myths ;		was romulus popular ?		i do n't know .		is there anything significant that romulus did during his time ?		in contrast , andrea carandini , an archaeologist who has spent most of his career excavating central rome , advanced the theory that romulus was a historical figure		why did they have that theory ?		it appears that the romulus legend of the suckling she - wolf is a genuine indigenous latin myth .		is there anything else that you thought was interesting in the article ?		" . it has been suggested that the name " roma " was of etruscan origin , or that it was derived from the latin word ruma ( " teat " ) ,		any other interesting facts ?		were there other interesting facts in addition to the latin myth that predates the legend of romulus ?
latins ( italic tribe )		romulus		what can you tell me about romulus ?		romulus himself was the subject of the famous legend of the suckling she - wolf ( lupa ) that kept romulus and his twin remus alive		what was this legend about ?		alive in a cave on the palatine hill ( the lupercal ) after they had been thrown into the river tiber on the orders of their wicked uncle , amulius .		what was a significant aspect of the article that stood out to you ?		mainstream scholarly opinion regards romulus as an entirely mythical character , and the legend fictitious .		what was their opinions about it ?		romulus was a name fabricated to provide rome with an eponymous founding hero , a common feature of classical foundation - myths ;		was romulus popular ?		i do n't know .		is there anything significant that romulus did during his time ?		in contrast , andrea carandini , an archaeologist who has spent most of his career excavating central rome , advanced the theory that romulus was a historical figure		why did they have that theory ?		it appears that the romulus legend of the suckling she - wolf is a genuine indigenous latin myth .		is there anything else that you thought was interesting in the article ?		" . it has been suggested that the name " roma " was of etruscan origin , or that it was derived from the latin word ruma ( " teat " ) ,		any other interesting facts ?		if romulus was named after the city , it is more likely that he was historical .		when did romulus pass away ?		when did romulus pass away ?
prince harry		hq london district and invictus games		what are invictus games ?		what are invictus games ?
prince harry		hq london district and invictus games		what are invictus games ?		a paralympic - style sporting event for injured servicemen and women ,		was he an injured serviceman ?		was prince harry an injured serviceman ?
prince harry		hq london district and invictus games		what are invictus games ?		a paralympic - style sporting event for injured servicemen and women ,		was he an injured serviceman ?		i do n't know .		did he participate in these games ?		did prince harry participate in the invictus games ?
prince harry		hq london district and invictus games		what are invictus games ?		a paralympic - style sporting event for injured servicemen and women ,		was he an injured serviceman ?		i do n't know .		did he participate in these games ?		harry attended all events related to the games from 8 to 14 september 2014 .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides prince harry attending the invictus games , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
prince harry		hq london district and invictus games		what are invictus games ?		a paralympic - style sporting event for injured servicemen and women ,		was he an injured serviceman ?		i do n't know .		did he participate in these games ?		harry attended all events related to the games from 8 to 14 september 2014 .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in january 2015 , it was reported that harry would take a new role in supporting wounded service personnel by working alongside members of the london district 's personal recovery		did he do this work to honor his mother ?		did prince harry support wounded service personnel by working alongside members of the london district 's personal recovery to honor his mother ?
prince harry		hq london district and invictus games		what are invictus games ?		a paralympic - style sporting event for injured servicemen and women ,		was he an injured serviceman ?		i do n't know .		did he participate in these games ?		harry attended all events related to the games from 8 to 14 september 2014 .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in january 2015 , it was reported that harry would take a new role in supporting wounded service personnel by working alongside members of the london district 's personal recovery		did he do this work to honor his mother ?		i do n't know .		what kind of games are included in the invictus games for the wounded ?		what kind of games are included in the invictus games for the wounded ?
george armstrong custer		brigade command		what is the brigade command ?		what is the brigade command ?
george armstrong custer		brigade command		what is the brigade command ?		custer to brigadier general of volunteers , commanding the michigan cavalry brigade		what happened there ?		what happened in the michigan cavalry brigade ?
george armstrong custer		brigade command		what is the brigade command ?		custer to brigadier general of volunteers , commanding the michigan cavalry brigade		what happened there ?		custer lost no time in implanting his aggressive character on his brigade ,		how did he do that ?		how did custer implant his aggressive character on custer 's brigade ?
george armstrong custer		brigade command		what is the brigade command ?		custer to brigadier general of volunteers , commanding the michigan cavalry brigade		what happened there ?		custer lost no time in implanting his aggressive character on his brigade ,		how did he do that ?		he " meticulously scouted every battlefield ,		what did he find as he scouted ?		what did custer find as he scouted ?
george armstrong custer		brigade command		what is the brigade command ?		custer to brigadier general of volunteers , commanding the michigan cavalry brigade		what happened there ?		custer lost no time in implanting his aggressive character on his brigade ,		how did he do that ?		he " meticulously scouted every battlefield ,		what did he find as he scouted ?		ascertained the best line of attack		did it work ?		did the best line of attack work ?
george armstrong custer		brigade command		what is the brigade command ?		custer to brigadier general of volunteers , commanding the michigan cavalry brigade		what happened there ?		custer lost no time in implanting his aggressive character on his brigade ,		how did he do that ?		he " meticulously scouted every battlefield ,		what did he find as he scouted ?		ascertained the best line of attack		did it work ?		focused with complete surprise on the enemy in routing them every time . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to custer losing no time implanting his aggressive character on his brigade are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
george armstrong custer		brigade command		what is the brigade command ?		custer to brigadier general of volunteers , commanding the michigan cavalry brigade		what happened there ?		custer lost no time in implanting his aggressive character on his brigade ,		how did he do that ?		he " meticulously scouted every battlefield ,		what did he find as he scouted ?		ascertained the best line of attack		did it work ?		focused with complete surprise on the enemy in routing them every time . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		custer had great latitude in choosing his uniform .		how is that ?		how is having great latitude in choosing his uniform ?
george armstrong custer		brigade command		what is the brigade command ?		custer to brigadier general of volunteers , commanding the michigan cavalry brigade		what happened there ?		custer lost no time in implanting his aggressive character on his brigade ,		how did he do that ?		he " meticulously scouted every battlefield ,		what did he find as he scouted ?		ascertained the best line of attack		did it work ?		focused with complete surprise on the enemy in routing them every time . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		custer had great latitude in choosing his uniform .		how is that ?		he wanted to be readily distinguishable at first glance from all other soldiers .		why is that ?		why did custer wanted to be readily distinguishable at first glance from all other soldiers ?
james stockdale		prisoner of war		when did he become a prisoner of war ?		when did james stockdale become a prisoner of war ?
james stockdale		prisoner of war		when did he become a prisoner of war ?		on 9 september 1965 , while flying from uss oriskany on a mission over north vietnam , stockdale ejected from his douglas a-4 skyhawk ,		what happened while he was a pow ?		what happened while james stockdale was a pow ?
james stockdale		prisoner of war		when did he become a prisoner of war ?		on 9 september 1965 , while flying from uss oriskany on a mission over north vietnam , stockdale ejected from his douglas a-4 skyhawk ,		what happened while he was a pow ?		stockdale was held as a prisoner of war in the hoa lo prison ( the infamous " hanoi hilton " ) for the next seven and a half years .		what happened during those 7.5 years ?		what happened during the 7.5 years james stockdale was a pow ?
james stockdale		prisoner of war		when did he become a prisoner of war ?		on 9 september 1965 , while flying from uss oriskany on a mission over north vietnam , stockdale ejected from his douglas a-4 skyhawk ,		what happened while he was a pow ?		stockdale was held as a prisoner of war in the hoa lo prison ( the infamous " hanoi hilton " ) for the next seven and a half years .		what happened during those 7.5 years ?		tortured routinely and denied medical attention for the severely damaged leg he suffered during capture ,		what else transpired during his time at hoa lo prison ?		in addition to torture and denial of medical care , what else transpired during james stockdale 's time at hoa lo prison ?
james stockdale		prisoner of war		when did he become a prisoner of war ?		on 9 september 1965 , while flying from uss oriskany on a mission over north vietnam , stockdale ejected from his douglas a-4 skyhawk ,		what happened while he was a pow ?		stockdale was held as a prisoner of war in the hoa lo prison ( the infamous " hanoi hilton " ) for the next seven and a half years .		what happened during those 7.5 years ?		tortured routinely and denied medical attention for the severely damaged leg he suffered during capture ,		what else transpired during his time at hoa lo prison ?		stockdale created and enforced a code of conduct for all prisoners which governed torture , secret communications , and behavior .		how did he escape being a pow ?		how did james stockdale escape being a pow ?
james stockdale		prisoner of war		when did he become a prisoner of war ?		on 9 september 1965 , while flying from uss oriskany on a mission over north vietnam , stockdale ejected from his douglas a-4 skyhawk ,		what happened while he was a pow ?		stockdale was held as a prisoner of war in the hoa lo prison ( the infamous " hanoi hilton " ) for the next seven and a half years .		what happened during those 7.5 years ?		tortured routinely and denied medical attention for the severely damaged leg he suffered during capture ,		what else transpired during his time at hoa lo prison ?		stockdale created and enforced a code of conduct for all prisoners which governed torture , secret communications , and behavior .		how did he escape being a pow ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during his time as a pow ?		what else happened during john stockdale 's time as a pow other than torture , denial of medical care , and stockdale 's creation of a code of conduct for all prisoners ?
james stockdale		prisoner of war		when did he become a prisoner of war ?		on 9 september 1965 , while flying from uss oriskany on a mission over north vietnam , stockdale ejected from his douglas a-4 skyhawk ,		what happened while he was a pow ?		stockdale was held as a prisoner of war in the hoa lo prison ( the infamous " hanoi hilton " ) for the next seven and a half years .		what happened during those 7.5 years ?		tortured routinely and denied medical attention for the severely damaged leg he suffered during capture ,		what else transpired during his time at hoa lo prison ?		stockdale created and enforced a code of conduct for all prisoners which governed torture , secret communications , and behavior .		how did he escape being a pow ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during his time as a pow ?		early in stockdale 's captivity , his wife , sybil stockdale , organized the league of american families of pows and mias ,		was there anything else that happened while he was a pow ?		was there anything else that happened while john stockdale was a pow other than denial of medical care , and stockdale 's creation of a code of conduct for all prisoners ?
james stockdale		prisoner of war		when did he become a prisoner of war ?		on 9 september 1965 , while flying from uss oriskany on a mission over north vietnam , stockdale ejected from his douglas a-4 skyhawk ,		what happened while he was a pow ?		stockdale was held as a prisoner of war in the hoa lo prison ( the infamous " hanoi hilton " ) for the next seven and a half years .		what happened during those 7.5 years ?		tortured routinely and denied medical attention for the severely damaged leg he suffered during capture ,		what else transpired during his time at hoa lo prison ?		stockdale created and enforced a code of conduct for all prisoners which governed torture , secret communications , and behavior .		how did he escape being a pow ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during his time as a pow ?		early in stockdale 's captivity , his wife , sybil stockdale , organized the league of american families of pows and mias ,		was there anything else that happened while he was a pow ?		in the summer of 1969 , he was locked in leg irons in a bath stall and routinely tortured and beaten .		what else happened while he was a pow ?		what else happened while john stockdale was a pow other than denial of medical care , and stockdale 's creation of a code of conduct for all prisoners ?
james stockdale		prisoner of war		when did he become a prisoner of war ?		on 9 september 1965 , while flying from uss oriskany on a mission over north vietnam , stockdale ejected from his douglas a-4 skyhawk ,		what happened while he was a pow ?		stockdale was held as a prisoner of war in the hoa lo prison ( the infamous " hanoi hilton " ) for the next seven and a half years .		what happened during those 7.5 years ?		tortured routinely and denied medical attention for the severely damaged leg he suffered during capture ,		what else transpired during his time at hoa lo prison ?		stockdale created and enforced a code of conduct for all prisoners which governed torture , secret communications , and behavior .		how did he escape being a pow ?		i do n't know .		what else happened during his time as a pow ?		early in stockdale 's captivity , his wife , sybil stockdale , organized the league of american families of pows and mias ,		was there anything else that happened while he was a pow ?		in the summer of 1969 , he was locked in leg irons in a bath stall and routinely tortured and beaten .		what else happened while he was a pow ?		when they covered his head with a hat , he beat himself with a stool until his face was swollen beyond recognition .		what else took place in this prison ?		what else happened to john stockdale in hoa lo prison other than denial of medical care , and stockdale 's creation of a code of conduct for all prisoners ?
the righteous brothers		1964 - 1965 : the spector years		what did they do during the spector years ?		what did the righteous brothers do during the spector years ?
the righteous brothers		1964 - 1965 : the spector years		what did they do during the spector years ?		allowed spector to record and release songs by the righteous brothers in the us , canada and uk under his own label , philles records .		did they win any awards ?		did the righteous brothers win any awards ?
the righteous brothers		1964 - 1965 : the spector years		what did they do during the spector years ?		allowed spector to record and release songs by the righteous brothers in the us , canada and uk under his own label , philles records .		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		did they win any other awards ?		aside from their initial awards , did the righteous brothers win any others ?
the righteous brothers		1964 - 1965 : the spector years		what did they do during the spector years ?		allowed spector to record and release songs by the righteous brothers in the us , canada and uk under his own label , philles records .		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		did they win any other awards ?		you 've lost that lovin' feelin ' " is the most - played song on american radio and television of the 20th century , with more than eight million airplays by the end of 1999 .		was there anything else interesting about the article ?		besides " you 've lost that lovin' feelin ' " , was there anything else interesting about the the righteous brothers article ?
the righteous brothers		1964 - 1965 : the spector years		what did they do during the spector years ?		allowed spector to record and release songs by the righteous brothers in the us , canada and uk under his own label , philles records .		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		did they win any other awards ?		you 've lost that lovin' feelin ' " is the most - played song on american radio and television of the 20th century , with more than eight million airplays by the end of 1999 .		was there anything else interesting about the article ?		the righteous brothers had several other hit singles with philles records in 1965 ,		did they win any awards ?		did the righteous brothers win any awards ?
the righteous brothers		1964 - 1965 : the spector years		what did they do during the spector years ?		allowed spector to record and release songs by the righteous brothers in the us , canada and uk under his own label , philles records .		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		did they win any other awards ?		you 've lost that lovin' feelin ' " is the most - played song on american radio and television of the 20th century , with more than eight million airplays by the end of 1999 .		was there anything else interesting about the article ?		the righteous brothers had several other hit singles with philles records in 1965 ,		did they win any awards ?		i do n't know .		did they have other records ?		in addition to the album with " you 've lost that lovin' feelin ' " , did the righteous brothers have any other records ?
the righteous brothers		1968 - 1975 : break up and reunion		when did the band break up ?		when did the righteous brothers break up ?
the righteous brothers		1968 - 1975 : break up and reunion		when did the band break up ?		the duo split up in february 1968 ,		what was the reason for the split ?		what was the reason for the split ?
the righteous brothers		1968 - 1975 : break up and reunion		when did the band break up ?		the duo split up in february 1968 ,		what was the reason for the split ?		a breakup that would last for more than six years , when medley left to pursue a solo career .		did medley release any albums during this time ?		did medley release any albums during six years ?
the righteous brothers		1968 - 1975 : break up and reunion		when did the band break up ?		the duo split up in february 1968 ,		what was the reason for the split ?		a breakup that would last for more than six years , when medley left to pursue a solo career .		did medley release any albums during this time ?		medley recorded a few solo recordings on several labels ,		what was hatfield doing ?		what was hatfield doing ?
the righteous brothers		1968 - 1975 : break up and reunion		when did the band break up ?		the duo split up in february 1968 ,		what was the reason for the split ?		a breakup that would last for more than six years , when medley left to pursue a solo career .		did medley release any albums during this time ?		medley recorded a few solo recordings on several labels ,		what was hatfield doing ?		hatfield and jimmy walker recorded an album , re - birth , as " the righteous brothers " before disbanding in 1971 .		how long were hatfield and walker together ?		how long were hatfield and walker together ?
the righteous brothers		1968 - 1975 : break up and reunion		when did the band break up ?		the duo split up in february 1968 ,		what was the reason for the split ?		a breakup that would last for more than six years , when medley left to pursue a solo career .		did medley release any albums during this time ?		medley recorded a few solo recordings on several labels ,		what was hatfield doing ?		hatfield and jimmy walker recorded an album , re - birth , as " the righteous brothers " before disbanding in 1971 .		how long were hatfield and walker together ?		before disbanding in 1971 .		why did they disband ?		why did hatfield and walker disband ?
joe paterno		deteriorating health and death		when did joe paterno become head coash ?		when did joe paterno become head coash ?
joe paterno		deteriorating health and death		when did joe paterno become head coash ?		i do n't know .		what condition did joe paterno suffer from ?		what condition did joe paterno suffer from ?
joe paterno		deteriorating health and death		when did joe paterno become head coash ?		i do n't know .		what condition did joe paterno suffer from ?		in november 2011 , scott paterno reported that his father had a treatable form of lung cancer . on january 13 , 2012 ,		when did joe paterno die ?		when did joe paterno die ?
joe paterno		deteriorating health and death		when did joe paterno become head coash ?		i do n't know .		what condition did joe paterno suffer from ?		in november 2011 , scott paterno reported that his father had a treatable form of lung cancer . on january 13 , 2012 ,		when did joe paterno die ?		paterno was hospitalized in state college for complications relating to his cancer treatment , and he remained there until his death nine days later on january 22 , 2012 .		who was withjoe when he died ?		who was with joe when joe died ?
joe paterno		deteriorating health and death		when did joe paterno become head coash ?		i do n't know .		what condition did joe paterno suffer from ?		in november 2011 , scott paterno reported that his father had a treatable form of lung cancer . on january 13 , 2012 ,		when did joe paterno die ?		paterno was hospitalized in state college for complications relating to his cancer treatment , and he remained there until his death nine days later on january 22 , 2012 .		who was withjoe when he died ?		i do n't know .		which foundation honored joe paterno ?		which foundation honored joe paterno ?
seth macfarlane		television producing		what tv shows did macfarlane produced ?		what television shows did seth macfarlane produce ?
seth macfarlane		television producing		what tv shows did macfarlane produced ?		macfarlane was the executive producer of a live - action sitcom starring rob corddry called the winner .		what was the show about ?		what was the show , the winner , about ?
seth macfarlane		television producing		what tv shows did macfarlane produced ?		macfarlane was the executive producer of a live - action sitcom starring rob corddry called the winner .		what was the show about ?		the plot has a man named glen discussing the time he matured at 32 and has him pursuing his only love after she moves in next door .		was this a successful show ?		was the winner a successful television show ?
seth macfarlane		television producing		what tv shows did macfarlane produced ?		macfarlane was the executive producer of a live - action sitcom starring rob corddry called the winner .		what was the show about ?		the plot has a man named glen discussing the time he matured at 32 and has him pursuing his only love after she moves in next door .		was this a successful show ?		the show ran on fox for six episodes in spring 2007 .		was there another show produced by macfarlane ?		besides the winner , was there another show produced by seth macfarlane ?
seth macfarlane		television producing		what tv shows did macfarlane produced ?		macfarlane was the executive producer of a live - action sitcom starring rob corddry called the winner .		what was the show about ?		the plot has a man named glen discussing the time he matured at 32 and has him pursuing his only love after she moves in next door .		was this a successful show ?		the show ran on fox for six episodes in spring 2007 .		was there another show produced by macfarlane ?		in 2014 , macfarlane executive - produced a two - season , 20-episode series called blunt talk for starz .		what was this show about ?		what was the show , blunt talk , about ?
seth macfarlane		television producing		what tv shows did macfarlane produced ?		macfarlane was the executive producer of a live - action sitcom starring rob corddry called the winner .		what was the show about ?		the plot has a man named glen discussing the time he matured at 32 and has him pursuing his only love after she moves in next door .		was this a successful show ?		the show ran on fox for six episodes in spring 2007 .		was there another show produced by macfarlane ?		in 2014 , macfarlane executive - produced a two - season , 20-episode series called blunt talk for starz .		what was this show about ?		the series followed an english newscaster who moves to los angeles with his alcoholic manservant and the baggage of several failed marriages to host a sanctimonious talk show .		did macfarlane play an active role in any of the tv shows that he produced ?		did seth macfarlane play an active role in the winner or blunt talk ?
seth macfarlane		television producing		what tv shows did macfarlane produced ?		macfarlane was the executive producer of a live - action sitcom starring rob corddry called the winner .		what was the show about ?		the plot has a man named glen discussing the time he matured at 32 and has him pursuing his only love after she moves in next door .		was this a successful show ?		the show ran on fox for six episodes in spring 2007 .		was there another show produced by macfarlane ?		in 2014 , macfarlane executive - produced a two - season , 20-episode series called blunt talk for starz .		what was this show about ?		the series followed an english newscaster who moves to los angeles with his alcoholic manservant and the baggage of several failed marriages to host a sanctimonious talk show .		did macfarlane play an active role in any of the tv shows that he produced ?		in addition to serving as one of the executive producers , macfarlane provided voices for characters during the animated portions of the series .		is there any other tv shows that macfarlane produced ?		besides blunt talk , and the winner , are there any other television shows that seth macfarlane produced ?
ricky martin		2010 - 2013 : autobiography , musica + alma + sexo and evita		when did he do an autobiography ?		when did ricky martin do an autobiography ?
ricky martin		2010 - 2013 : autobiography , musica + alma + sexo and evita		when did he do an autobiography ?		ricky martin 's autobiography , me , was published on november 2 , 2010 .		did he receive any recognition for it ?		did ricky martin receive any recognition for writing his autobiography ?
ricky martin		2010 - 2013 : autobiography , musica + alma + sexo and evita		when did he do an autobiography ?		ricky martin 's autobiography , me , was published on november 2 , 2010 .		did he receive any recognition for it ?		the book became part of the new york times best seller list ,		what is musica+alma+sexo and evita ?		what is musica+alma+sexo and evita ?
ricky martin		2010 - 2013 : autobiography , musica + alma + sexo and evita		when did he do an autobiography ?		ricky martin 's autobiography , me , was published on november 2 , 2010 .		did he receive any recognition for it ?		the book became part of the new york times best seller list ,		what is musica+alma+sexo and evita ?		a new studio album ,		was this album a big hit ?		was musica+alma+sexo and evita a big hit ?
ricky martin		2010 - 2013 : autobiography , musica + alma + sexo and evita		when did he do an autobiography ?		ricky martin 's autobiography , me , was published on november 2 , 2010 .		did he receive any recognition for it ?		the book became part of the new york times best seller list ,		what is musica+alma+sexo and evita ?		a new studio album ,		was this album a big hit ?		represents the highest ever chart debut on the billboard 200 for a sony music latin release .		what was some of the songs on this album ?		what are some of the songs on musica+alma+sexo and evita ?
ricky martin		2010 - 2013 : autobiography , musica + alma + sexo and evita		when did he do an autobiography ?		ricky martin 's autobiography , me , was published on november 2 , 2010 .		did he receive any recognition for it ?		the book became part of the new york times best seller list ,		what is musica+alma+sexo and evita ?		a new studio album ,		was this album a big hit ?		represents the highest ever chart debut on the billboard 200 for a sony music latin release .		what was some of the songs on this album ?		the best thing about me is you		what is another song ?		besides " the best thing about me is you " what is another song from musica+alma+sexo and evita ?
ricky martin		2010 - 2013 : autobiography , musica + alma + sexo and evita		when did he do an autobiography ?		ricky martin 's autobiography , me , was published on november 2 , 2010 .		did he receive any recognition for it ?		the book became part of the new york times best seller list ,		what is musica+alma+sexo and evita ?		a new studio album ,		was this album a big hit ?		represents the highest ever chart debut on the billboard 200 for a sony music latin release .		what was some of the songs on this album ?		the best thing about me is you		what is another song ?		mas		can you share any other songs ?		aside from " the best thing about me is you " and " mal " can you share any other songs from musica+alma+sexo and evita ? ?
ricky martin		2010 - 2013 : autobiography , musica + alma + sexo and evita		when did he do an autobiography ?		ricky martin 's autobiography , me , was published on november 2 , 2010 .		did he receive any recognition for it ?		the book became part of the new york times best seller list ,		what is musica+alma+sexo and evita ?		a new studio album ,		was this album a big hit ?		represents the highest ever chart debut on the billboard 200 for a sony music latin release .		what was some of the songs on this album ?		the best thing about me is you		what is another song ?		mas		can you share any other songs ?		frio		did he win any awards for this album ?		did ricky martin win any awards for musica+alma+sexo and evita ?
ricky martin		2010 - 2013 : autobiography , musica + alma + sexo and evita		when did he do an autobiography ?		ricky martin 's autobiography , me , was published on november 2 , 2010 .		did he receive any recognition for it ?		the book became part of the new york times best seller list ,		what is musica+alma+sexo and evita ?		a new studio album ,		was this album a big hit ?		represents the highest ever chart debut on the billboard 200 for a sony music latin release .		what was some of the songs on this album ?		the best thing about me is you		what is another song ?		mas		can you share any other songs ?		frio		did he win any awards for this album ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides ricky martin 's autobiography , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
ricky martin		2010 - 2013 : autobiography , musica + alma + sexo and evita		when did he do an autobiography ?		ricky martin 's autobiography , me , was published on november 2 , 2010 .		did he receive any recognition for it ?		the book became part of the new york times best seller list ,		what is musica+alma+sexo and evita ?		a new studio album ,		was this album a big hit ?		represents the highest ever chart debut on the billboard 200 for a sony music latin release .		what was some of the songs on this album ?		the best thing about me is you		what is another song ?		mas		can you share any other songs ?		frio		did he win any awards for this album ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		ricky martin was playing che in the broadway revival of the show evita ,		how long did show last ?		how long did the broadway show evita with ricky martin last ?
daniel pipes		post - academia		what did daniel pipes do after college ?		what did daniel pipes do after college ?
daniel pipes		post - academia		what did daniel pipes do after college ?		pipes largely left academia after 1986 , though in 2007 he taught a course titled " international relations : islam and politics		what college did daniel pipes teach at ?		what college did daniel pipes teach at ?
daniel pipes		post - academia		what did daniel pipes do after college ?		pipes largely left academia after 1986 , though in 2007 he taught a course titled " international relations : islam and politics		what college did daniel pipes teach at ?		pepperdine university 's school of public policy .		was daniel pipes a problem at college ?		was daniel pipes a problem at college ?
daniel pipes		post - academia		what did daniel pipes do after college ?		pipes largely left academia after 1986 , though in 2007 he taught a course titled " international relations : islam and politics		what college did daniel pipes teach at ?		pepperdine university 's school of public policy .		was daniel pipes a problem at college ?		i do n't know .		was daniel pipes involved with any protests at colleges ?		was daniel pipes involved with any protests at colleges ?
daniel pipes		post - academia		what did daniel pipes do after college ?		pipes largely left academia after 1986 , though in 2007 he taught a course titled " international relations : islam and politics		what college did daniel pipes teach at ?		pepperdine university 's school of public policy .		was daniel pipes a problem at college ?		i do n't know .		was daniel pipes involved with any protests at colleges ?		i do n't know .		what did daniel pipes do after teaching college ?		what did daniel pipes do after teaching college ?
daniel pipes		post - academia		what did daniel pipes do after college ?		pipes largely left academia after 1986 , though in 2007 he taught a course titled " international relations : islam and politics		what college did daniel pipes teach at ?		pepperdine university 's school of public policy .		was daniel pipes a problem at college ?		i do n't know .		was daniel pipes involved with any protests at colleges ?		i do n't know .		what did daniel pipes do after teaching college ?		he established campus watch as a project of the middle east forum in 2002 ,		what are his dealings with campus watch ?		what are daniel pipes ' dealings with campus watch ?
daniel pipes		post - academia		what did daniel pipes do after college ?		pipes largely left academia after 1986 , though in 2007 he taught a course titled " international relations : islam and politics		what college did daniel pipes teach at ?		pepperdine university 's school of public policy .		was daniel pipes a problem at college ?		i do n't know .		was daniel pipes involved with any protests at colleges ?		i do n't know .		what did daniel pipes do after teaching college ?		he established campus watch as a project of the middle east forum in 2002 ,		what are his dealings with campus watch ?		i do n't know .		what did daniel pipes have to do with the legal project ?		what did daniel pipes have to do with the legal project ?
daniel pipes		post - academia		what did daniel pipes do after college ?		pipes largely left academia after 1986 , though in 2007 he taught a course titled " international relations : islam and politics		what college did daniel pipes teach at ?		pepperdine university 's school of public policy .		was daniel pipes a problem at college ?		i do n't know .		was daniel pipes involved with any protests at colleges ?		i do n't know .		what did daniel pipes do after teaching college ?		he established campus watch as a project of the middle east forum in 2002 ,		what are his dealings with campus watch ?		i do n't know .		what did daniel pipes have to do with the legal project ?		i do n't know .		how did daniel pipes affect the united states ?		how did daniel pipes affect the united states ?
common ( rapper )		1996 - 1999 : one day it 'll all make sense		what happened to the band in 1996 ?		what happened to common ( rapper band ) in 1996 ?
common ( rapper )		1996 - 1999 : one day it 'll all make sense		what happened to the band in 1996 ?		initially scheduled for an october 1996 release , common finally released his third album , one day it 'll all make sense , in september 1997 .		how did this album do ?		how did one day it 'll all make sense ( album of common ) do ?
common ( rapper )		1996 - 1999 : one day it 'll all make sense		what happened to the band in 1996 ?		initially scheduled for an october 1996 release , common finally released his third album , one day it 'll all make sense , in september 1997 .		how did this album do ?		was critically acclaimed and led to a major label contract with mca records .		which year was this contract ?		which year was the contract between common and mca records ?
common ( rapper )		1996 - 1999 : one day it 'll all make sense		what happened to the band in 1996 ?		initially scheduled for an october 1996 release , common finally released his third album , one day it 'll all make sense , in september 1997 .		how did this album do ?		was critically acclaimed and led to a major label contract with mca records .		which year was this contract ?		i do n't know .		what happened to the band in 1998 ?		what happened to common ( rapper band ) in 1998 ?
common ( rapper )		1996 - 1999 : one day it 'll all make sense		what happened to the band in 1996 ?		initially scheduled for an october 1996 release , common finally released his third album , one day it 'll all make sense , in september 1997 .		how did this album do ?		was critically acclaimed and led to a major label contract with mca records .		which year was this contract ?		i do n't know .		what happened to the band in 1998 ?		i do n't know .		what other significant things happened during these years ?		other than the contract with mca records , what other significant things happened to common ( rapper band ) after 1998 ?
common ( rapper )		1996 - 1999 : one day it 'll all make sense		what happened to the band in 1996 ?		initially scheduled for an october 1996 release , common finally released his third album , one day it 'll all make sense , in september 1997 .		how did this album do ?		was critically acclaimed and led to a major label contract with mca records .		which year was this contract ?		i do n't know .		what happened to the band in 1998 ?		i do n't know .		what other significant things happened during these years ?		rashid found out that he was going to become a daddy in about 8 months . stunned and confused , rashid had life altering decisions to make		what decisions did he make ?		what decisions did rashid make ?
common ( rapper )		1996 - 1999 : one day it 'll all make sense		what happened to the band in 1996 ?		initially scheduled for an october 1996 release , common finally released his third album , one day it 'll all make sense , in september 1997 .		how did this album do ?		was critically acclaimed and led to a major label contract with mca records .		which year was this contract ?		i do n't know .		what happened to the band in 1998 ?		i do n't know .		what other significant things happened during these years ?		rashid found out that he was going to become a daddy in about 8 months . stunned and confused , rashid had life altering decisions to make		what decisions did he make ?		the situation led to the composition of his favourite cut on one day ... that offers a male slant on abortion .		what was this slant about ?		what was the slant on abortion in one day of rashid about ?
common ( rapper )		1996 - 1999 : one day it 'll all make sense		what happened to the band in 1996 ?		initially scheduled for an october 1996 release , common finally released his third album , one day it 'll all make sense , in september 1997 .		how did this album do ?		was critically acclaimed and led to a major label contract with mca records .		which year was this contract ?		i do n't know .		what happened to the band in 1998 ?		i do n't know .		what other significant things happened during these years ?		rashid found out that he was going to become a daddy in about 8 months . stunned and confused , rashid had life altering decisions to make		what decisions did he make ?		the situation led to the composition of his favourite cut on one day ... that offers a male slant on abortion .		what was this slant about ?		when i listen to the song now , i think about how precious her ( omoye 's ) life is		what is the most interesting aspect of this section ?		what is the most interesting aspect of the section on abortion in one day of rashid ?
common ( rapper )		1996 - 1999 : one day it 'll all make sense		what happened to the band in 1996 ?		initially scheduled for an october 1996 release , common finally released his third album , one day it 'll all make sense , in september 1997 .		how did this album do ?		was critically acclaimed and led to a major label contract with mca records .		which year was this contract ?		i do n't know .		what happened to the band in 1998 ?		i do n't know .		what other significant things happened during these years ?		rashid found out that he was going to become a daddy in about 8 months . stunned and confused , rashid had life altering decisions to make		what decisions did he make ?		the situation led to the composition of his favourite cut on one day ... that offers a male slant on abortion .		what was this slant about ?		when i listen to the song now , i think about how precious her ( omoye 's ) life is		what is the most interesting aspect of this section ?		the album , which made a point of eschewing any gangsterism		how well was this point taken ?		how well was the point of eschewing any gangsterism in one day of rashid taken ?
common ( rapper )		1996 - 1999 : one day it 'll all make sense		what happened to the band in 1996 ?		initially scheduled for an october 1996 release , common finally released his third album , one day it 'll all make sense , in september 1997 .		how did this album do ?		was critically acclaimed and led to a major label contract with mca records .		which year was this contract ?		i do n't know .		what happened to the band in 1998 ?		i do n't know .		what other significant things happened during these years ?		rashid found out that he was going to become a daddy in about 8 months . stunned and confused , rashid had life altering decisions to make		what decisions did he make ?		the situation led to the composition of his favourite cut on one day ... that offers a male slant on abortion .		what was this slant about ?		when i listen to the song now , i think about how precious her ( omoye 's ) life is		what is the most interesting aspect of this section ?		the album , which made a point of eschewing any gangsterism		how well was this point taken ?		common addresses family ethics several times on one day ... ,		what else does it address ?		other than eschewing any gangsterism what else one day of rashid address ?
common ( rapper )		1996 - 1999 : one day it 'll all make sense		what happened to the band in 1996 ?		initially scheduled for an october 1996 release , common finally released his third album , one day it 'll all make sense , in september 1997 .		how did this album do ?		was critically acclaimed and led to a major label contract with mca records .		which year was this contract ?		i do n't know .		what happened to the band in 1998 ?		i do n't know .		what other significant things happened during these years ?		rashid found out that he was going to become a daddy in about 8 months . stunned and confused , rashid had life altering decisions to make		what decisions did he make ?		the situation led to the composition of his favourite cut on one day ... that offers a male slant on abortion .		what was this slant about ?		when i listen to the song now , i think about how precious her ( omoye 's ) life is		what is the most interesting aspect of this section ?		the album , which made a point of eschewing any gangsterism		how well was this point taken ?		common addresses family ethics several times on one day ... ,		what else does it address ?		summarizes the path to manhood :		what else is known of family ethics ?		besides of eschewing any gangsterism what else is known of family ethics in one day of rashid ?
common ( rapper )		1996 - 1999 : one day it 'll all make sense		what happened to the band in 1996 ?		initially scheduled for an october 1996 release , common finally released his third album , one day it 'll all make sense , in september 1997 .		how did this album do ?		was critically acclaimed and led to a major label contract with mca records .		which year was this contract ?		i do n't know .		what happened to the band in 1998 ?		i do n't know .		what other significant things happened during these years ?		rashid found out that he was going to become a daddy in about 8 months . stunned and confused , rashid had life altering decisions to make		what decisions did he make ?		the situation led to the composition of his favourite cut on one day ... that offers a male slant on abortion .		what was this slant about ?		when i listen to the song now , i think about how precious her ( omoye 's ) life is		what is the most interesting aspect of this section ?		the album , which made a point of eschewing any gangsterism		how well was this point taken ?		common addresses family ethics several times on one day ... ,		what else does it address ?		summarizes the path to manhood :		what else is known of family ethics ?		a quote from 1 corinthians 13:11 ,		what was the quote ?		what was the quote from corinthians in one day of rashid ?
soulfly		3 , new line - up and prophecy ( 2002 - 2004 )		what is the new lineup		what is soulfly 's new lineup ?
soulfly		3 , new line - up and prophecy ( 2002 - 2004 )		what is the new lineup		on every soulfly album , we 've changed the line up and it will probably continue that way .		what else is different about it		what else is different along with soulfly 's new lineup ?
soulfly		3 , new line - up and prophecy ( 2002 - 2004 )		what is the new lineup		on every soulfly album , we 've changed the line up and it will probably continue that way .		what else is different about it		max cavalera explained on the band 's website that he wanted to use different musicians as part of the group for each album .		which musicians are on it		which musicians are on prophecy ?
soulfly		3 , new line - up and prophecy ( 2002 - 2004 )		what is the new lineup		on every soulfly album , we 've changed the line up and it will probably continue that way .		what else is different about it		max cavalera explained on the band 's website that he wanted to use different musicians as part of the group for each album .		which musicians are on it		joe nunez returned on drums with new jersey native marc rizzo , formerly of ill nino , on guitar and kentucky native bobby burns , formerly of primer 55 , on bass . david ellefson ,		was there anyone else ?		was there musicians on prophecy besides nunez , rizzo and burns ?
soulfly		3 , new line - up and prophecy ( 2002 - 2004 )		what is the new lineup		on every soulfly album , we 've changed the line up and it will probably continue that way .		what else is different about it		max cavalera explained on the band 's website that he wanted to use different musicians as part of the group for each album .		which musicians are on it		joe nunez returned on drums with new jersey native marc rizzo , formerly of ill nino , on guitar and kentucky native bobby burns , formerly of primer 55 , on bass . david ellefson ,		was there anyone else ?		david ellefson , formerly of megadeth at the time , also played bass on several of the album 's songs .		what was prophecy		what was prophecy album ?
soulfly		3 , new line - up and prophecy ( 2002 - 2004 )		what is the new lineup		on every soulfly album , we 've changed the line up and it will probably continue that way .		what else is different about it		max cavalera explained on the band 's website that he wanted to use different musicians as part of the group for each album .		which musicians are on it		joe nunez returned on drums with new jersey native marc rizzo , formerly of ill nino , on guitar and kentucky native bobby burns , formerly of primer 55 , on bass . david ellefson ,		was there anyone else ?		david ellefson , formerly of megadeth at the time , also played bass on several of the album 's songs .		what was prophecy		prophecy album ,		who sang on prophecy		who sang on prophecy album ?
soulfly		3 , new line - up and prophecy ( 2002 - 2004 )		what is the new lineup		on every soulfly album , we 've changed the line up and it will probably continue that way .		what else is different about it		max cavalera explained on the band 's website that he wanted to use different musicians as part of the group for each album .		which musicians are on it		joe nunez returned on drums with new jersey native marc rizzo , formerly of ill nino , on guitar and kentucky native bobby burns , formerly of primer 55 , on bass . david ellefson ,		was there anyone else ?		david ellefson , formerly of megadeth at the time , also played bass on several of the album 's songs .		what was prophecy		prophecy album ,		who sang on prophecy		serbian band eyesburn ,		did anyone else ?		did anyone else other than eyesburn perform on prophecy ?
soulfly		3 , new line - up and prophecy ( 2002 - 2004 )		what is the new lineup		on every soulfly album , we 've changed the line up and it will probably continue that way .		what else is different about it		max cavalera explained on the band 's website that he wanted to use different musicians as part of the group for each album .		which musicians are on it		joe nunez returned on drums with new jersey native marc rizzo , formerly of ill nino , on guitar and kentucky native bobby burns , formerly of primer 55 , on bass . david ellefson ,		was there anyone else ?		david ellefson , formerly of megadeth at the time , also played bass on several of the album 's songs .		what was prophecy		prophecy album ,		who sang on prophecy		serbian band eyesburn ,		did anyone else ?		danny marianino and asha rabouin returned as guest vocalists on prophecy ,		were there more guests ?		were there more musicians on prophecy ?
soulfly		3 , new line - up and prophecy ( 2002 - 2004 )		what is the new lineup		on every soulfly album , we 've changed the line up and it will probably continue that way .		what else is different about it		max cavalera explained on the band 's website that he wanted to use different musicians as part of the group for each album .		which musicians are on it		joe nunez returned on drums with new jersey native marc rizzo , formerly of ill nino , on guitar and kentucky native bobby burns , formerly of primer 55 , on bass . david ellefson ,		was there anyone else ?		david ellefson , formerly of megadeth at the time , also played bass on several of the album 's songs .		what was prophecy		prophecy album ,		who sang on prophecy		serbian band eyesburn ,		did anyone else ?		danny marianino and asha rabouin returned as guest vocalists on prophecy ,		were there more guests ?		other tracks on the album feature instruments from the middle ages , sheepskin bagpipes , and serbian gypsies .		did they tour		did soulfly tour ?
soulfly		3 , new line - up and prophecy ( 2002 - 2004 )		what is the new lineup		on every soulfly album , we 've changed the line up and it will probably continue that way .		what else is different about it		max cavalera explained on the band 's website that he wanted to use different musicians as part of the group for each album .		which musicians are on it		joe nunez returned on drums with new jersey native marc rizzo , formerly of ill nino , on guitar and kentucky native bobby burns , formerly of primer 55 , on bass . david ellefson ,		was there anyone else ?		david ellefson , formerly of megadeth at the time , also played bass on several of the album 's songs .		what was prophecy		prophecy album ,		who sang on prophecy		serbian band eyesburn ,		did anyone else ?		danny marianino and asha rabouin returned as guest vocalists on prophecy ,		were there more guests ?		other tracks on the album feature instruments from the middle ages , sheepskin bagpipes , and serbian gypsies .		did they tour		soulfly followed the album release with tours supporting black sabbath and morbid angel .		where did the tours go		where did soulfly 's tours go ?
paul reubens		pornography arrest : 2002		when did the pornography incident happen with paul reubens ?		when did the pornography incident happen with paul reubens ?
paul reubens		pornography arrest : 2002		when did the pornography incident happen with paul reubens ?		finding among over 70,000 items of kitsch memorabilia , two grainy videotapes and dozens of photographs that the city attorney 's office characterized as a collection of child pornography .		did paul reubens admit to the crime charged against him ?		did paul reubens admit to child pornography charged against reubens ?
paul reubens		pornography arrest : 2002		when did the pornography incident happen with paul reubens ?		finding among over 70,000 items of kitsch memorabilia , two grainy videotapes and dozens of photographs that the city attorney 's office characterized as a collection of child pornography .		did paul reubens admit to the crime charged against him ?		possession of obscene material improperly depicting a child under the age of 18 in sexual conduct .		when in 2002 did this happen ?		when in 2002 did possession of obscene material improperly depicting a child under the age of 18 in sexual conduct happen ?
paul reubens		pornography arrest : 2002		when did the pornography incident happen with paul reubens ?		finding among over 70,000 items of kitsch memorabilia , two grainy videotapes and dozens of photographs that the city attorney 's office characterized as a collection of child pornography .		did paul reubens admit to the crime charged against him ?		possession of obscene material improperly depicting a child under the age of 18 in sexual conduct .		when in 2002 did this happen ?		november		did the pornography case go to trial ?		did the pornography case go to trial ?
paul reubens		pornography arrest : 2002		when did the pornography incident happen with paul reubens ?		finding among over 70,000 items of kitsch memorabilia , two grainy videotapes and dozens of photographs that the city attorney 's office characterized as a collection of child pornography .		did paul reubens admit to the crime charged against him ?		possession of obscene material improperly depicting a child under the age of 18 in sexual conduct .		when in 2002 did this happen ?		november		did the pornography case go to trial ?		the district attorney looked at reubens ' collection and computer and found no grounds for bringing any felony charges against him , while the city attorney , rocky delgadillo brought misdemeanor charges		how did paul reubens plead to the charges ?		how did paul reubens plead to the charges ?
paul reubens		pornography arrest : 2002		when did the pornography incident happen with paul reubens ?		finding among over 70,000 items of kitsch memorabilia , two grainy videotapes and dozens of photographs that the city attorney 's office characterized as a collection of child pornography .		did paul reubens admit to the crime charged against him ?		possession of obscene material improperly depicting a child under the age of 18 in sexual conduct .		when in 2002 did this happen ?		november		did the pornography case go to trial ?		the district attorney looked at reubens ' collection and computer and found no grounds for bringing any felony charges against him , while the city attorney , rocky delgadillo brought misdemeanor charges		how did paul reubens plead to the charges ?		in december he pleaded not guilty		was he ultimately charged for the crime by the judge ?		was reubens ultimately charged for child pornography by the judge ?
paul reubens		pornography arrest : 2002		when did the pornography incident happen with paul reubens ?		finding among over 70,000 items of kitsch memorabilia , two grainy videotapes and dozens of photographs that the city attorney 's office characterized as a collection of child pornography .		did paul reubens admit to the crime charged against him ?		possession of obscene material improperly depicting a child under the age of 18 in sexual conduct .		when in 2002 did this happen ?		november		did the pornography case go to trial ?		the district attorney looked at reubens ' collection and computer and found no grounds for bringing any felony charges against him , while the city attorney , rocky delgadillo brought misdemeanor charges		how did paul reubens plead to the charges ?		in december he pleaded not guilty		was he ultimately charged for the crime by the judge ?		child pornography charges were dropped in exchange for reubens ' guilty plea to a lesser charge .		what happened as a result of him pleading to a lesser charge ?		what happened as a result of reubens pleading to a lesser charge ?
paul reubens		pornography arrest : 2002		when did the pornography incident happen with paul reubens ?		finding among over 70,000 items of kitsch memorabilia , two grainy videotapes and dozens of photographs that the city attorney 's office characterized as a collection of child pornography .		did paul reubens admit to the crime charged against him ?		possession of obscene material improperly depicting a child under the age of 18 in sexual conduct .		when in 2002 did this happen ?		november		did the pornography case go to trial ?		the district attorney looked at reubens ' collection and computer and found no grounds for bringing any felony charges against him , while the city attorney , rocky delgadillo brought misdemeanor charges		how did paul reubens plead to the charges ?		in december he pleaded not guilty		was he ultimately charged for the crime by the judge ?		child pornography charges were dropped in exchange for reubens ' guilty plea to a lesser charge .		what happened as a result of him pleading to a lesser charge ?		he was required to register his address with the sheriff 's office and he could not be in the company of minors without the permission of a parent or legal guardian .		did he think of himself as a pedophile ?		did reubens think of himself as a pedophile ?
sandman ( wesley dodds )		golden age of comic books		when was the golden age of comic books ?		when was the golden age of comic books ?
sandman ( wesley dodds )		golden age of comic books		when was the golden age of comic books ?		the character 's first appearance is usually given as adventure comics no . 40 ( cover - dated july 1939 ) ,		where else did he appear ?		where else did sandman appear besides adventure comics no . 40 ?
sandman ( wesley dodds )		golden age of comic books		when was the golden age of comic books ?		the character 's first appearance is usually given as adventure comics no . 40 ( cover - dated july 1939 ) ,		where else did he appear ?		he also appeared in dc comics ' 1939 new york world 's fair comics omnibus ,		who appeared with him ?		who appeared with sandman in dc comics ' 1939 new york world 's fair comics omnibus ?
sandman ( wesley dodds )		golden age of comic books		when was the golden age of comic books ?		the character 's first appearance is usually given as adventure comics no . 40 ( cover - dated july 1939 ) ,		where else did he appear ?		he also appeared in dc comics ' 1939 new york world 's fair comics omnibus ,		who appeared with him ?		i do n't know .		what was special about sandy the golden boy ?		what was special about sandy the golden boy ?
sandman ( wesley dodds )		golden age of comic books		when was the golden age of comic books ?		the character 's first appearance is usually given as adventure comics no . 40 ( cover - dated july 1939 ) ,		where else did he appear ?		he also appeared in dc comics ' 1939 new york world 's fair comics omnibus ,		who appeared with him ?		i do n't know .		what was special about sandy the golden boy ?		nephew of dian belmont .		who is dian belmont ?		who is dian belmont ?
sandman ( wesley dodds )		golden age of comic books		when was the golden age of comic books ?		the character 's first appearance is usually given as adventure comics no . 40 ( cover - dated july 1939 ) ,		where else did he appear ?		he also appeared in dc comics ' 1939 new york world 's fair comics omnibus ,		who appeared with him ?		i do n't know .		what was special about sandy the golden boy ?		nephew of dian belmont .		who is dian belmont ?		i do n't know .		how long were they together ?		how long were sandman and dian belmont together ?
sandman ( wesley dodds )		golden age of comic books		when was the golden age of comic books ?		the character 's first appearance is usually given as adventure comics no . 40 ( cover - dated july 1939 ) ,		where else did he appear ?		he also appeared in dc comics ' 1939 new york world 's fair comics omnibus ,		who appeared with him ?		i do n't know .		what was special about sandy the golden boy ?		nephew of dian belmont .		who is dian belmont ?		i do n't know .		how long were they together ?		later stories would reveal that the two remained together for the duration of their lives , though they never married .		did they have any children ?		did sandman and dian belmont have any children ?
sandman ( wesley dodds )		silver age to modern age		what comics did sandman appear in during the silver age ?		what comics did sandman appear in during the silver age ?
sandman ( wesley dodds )		silver age to modern age		what comics did sandman appear in during the silver age ?		in 1981 dc began publishing all - star squadron , a retelling of the earth - two mystery - men during wwii . although not a main character , sandman does appear in its pages .		what other characters are in all - star squadron ?		what other characters are in all - star squadron besides sandman ?
sandman ( wesley dodds )		silver age to modern age		what comics did sandman appear in during the silver age ?		in 1981 dc began publishing all - star squadron , a retelling of the earth - two mystery - men during wwii . although not a main character , sandman does appear in its pages .		what other characters are in all - star squadron ?		dian wore his costume while he was fighting elsewhere and she was killed in a fray . dodds decided to wear the new costume ,		what other comics was he in ?		what other comics was sandman in besides all - star squadron ?
sandman ( wesley dodds )		silver age to modern age		what comics did sandman appear in during the silver age ?		in 1981 dc began publishing all - star squadron , a retelling of the earth - two mystery - men during wwii . although not a main character , sandman does appear in its pages .		what other characters are in all - star squadron ?		dian wore his costume while he was fighting elsewhere and she was killed in a fray . dodds decided to wear the new costume ,		what other comics was he in ?		justice league of america no . 46 ( july 1966 ) , the sandman made occasional appearances in the annual teamups between that superhero group and the jsa .		who wrote the comics ?		who wrote all - star squadron comics ?
sandman ( wesley dodds )		silver age to modern age		what comics did sandman appear in during the silver age ?		in 1981 dc began publishing all - star squadron , a retelling of the earth - two mystery - men during wwii . although not a main character , sandman does appear in its pages .		what other characters are in all - star squadron ?		dian wore his costume while he was fighting elsewhere and she was killed in a fray . dodds decided to wear the new costume ,		what other comics was he in ?		justice league of america no . 46 ( july 1966 ) , the sandman made occasional appearances in the annual teamups between that superhero group and the jsa .		who wrote the comics ?		neil gaiman ( author of the modern age supernatural series the sandman		what powers or special skills did sandman have ?		what powers or special skills did sandman have ?
sandman ( wesley dodds )		silver age to modern age		what comics did sandman appear in during the silver age ?		in 1981 dc began publishing all - star squadron , a retelling of the earth - two mystery - men during wwii . although not a main character , sandman does appear in its pages .		what other characters are in all - star squadron ?		dian wore his costume while he was fighting elsewhere and she was killed in a fray . dodds decided to wear the new costume ,		what other comics was he in ?		justice league of america no . 46 ( july 1966 ) , the sandman made occasional appearances in the annual teamups between that superhero group and the jsa .		who wrote the comics ?		neil gaiman ( author of the modern age supernatural series the sandman		what powers or special skills did sandman have ?		i do n't know .		does his character appear in any movies ?		does sandman appear in any movies ?
sandman ( wesley dodds )		silver age to modern age		what comics did sandman appear in during the silver age ?		in 1981 dc began publishing all - star squadron , a retelling of the earth - two mystery - men during wwii . although not a main character , sandman does appear in its pages .		what other characters are in all - star squadron ?		dian wore his costume while he was fighting elsewhere and she was killed in a fray . dodds decided to wear the new costume ,		what other comics was he in ?		justice league of america no . 46 ( july 1966 ) , the sandman made occasional appearances in the annual teamups between that superhero group and the jsa .		who wrote the comics ?		neil gaiman ( author of the modern age supernatural series the sandman		what powers or special skills did sandman have ?		i do n't know .		does his character appear in any movies ?		an acclaimed film noir - inspired retelling of the original sandman 's adventures , sandman mystery theatre , ran from 1993 - 1998 under dc comics ' vertigo mature - reader imprint .		did sandman appear in any tv shows ?		did sandman appear in any tv shows ?
sandman ( wesley dodds )		silver age to modern age		what comics did sandman appear in during the silver age ?		in 1981 dc began publishing all - star squadron , a retelling of the earth - two mystery - men during wwii . although not a main character , sandman does appear in its pages .		what other characters are in all - star squadron ?		dian wore his costume while he was fighting elsewhere and she was killed in a fray . dodds decided to wear the new costume ,		what other comics was he in ?		justice league of america no . 46 ( july 1966 ) , the sandman made occasional appearances in the annual teamups between that superhero group and the jsa .		who wrote the comics ?		neil gaiman ( author of the modern age supernatural series the sandman		what powers or special skills did sandman have ?		i do n't know .		does his character appear in any movies ?		an acclaimed film noir - inspired retelling of the original sandman 's adventures , sandman mystery theatre , ran from 1993 - 1998 under dc comics ' vertigo mature - reader imprint .		did sandman appear in any tv shows ?		i do n't know .		did sandman belong to any groups or teams ?		did sandman belong to any groups or teams ?
evander holyfield		cruiserweight		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article on evander holyfield ?
evander holyfield		cruiserweight		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		tyrone booze , moved up to the cruiserweight division for their fight on july 20 , 1985 ,		did we increase his weight ?		did we increase evander holyfield 's weight ?
evander holyfield		cruiserweight		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		tyrone booze , moved up to the cruiserweight division for their fight on july 20 , 1985 ,		did we increase his weight ?		i do n't know .		cruiserweight is defined as what ?		cruiserweight is defined as what ?
evander holyfield		cruiserweight		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		tyrone booze , moved up to the cruiserweight division for their fight on july 20 , 1985 ,		did we increase his weight ?		i do n't know .		cruiserweight is defined as what ?		i do n't know .		did he win that fight ?		did evander holyfield win the fight against tyrone booze ?
evander holyfield		cruiserweight		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		tyrone booze , moved up to the cruiserweight division for their fight on july 20 , 1985 ,		did we increase his weight ?		i do n't know .		cruiserweight is defined as what ?		i do n't know .		did he win that fight ?		won		how many rounds ?		how many rounds did the fight between evander holyfield and tyrone booze take ?
evander holyfield		cruiserweight		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		tyrone booze , moved up to the cruiserweight division for their fight on july 20 , 1985 ,		did we increase his weight ?		i do n't know .		cruiserweight is defined as what ?		i do n't know .		did he win that fight ?		won		how many rounds ?		eight - round decision over booze .		was there a rematch ?		was there a rematch between evander holyfield and tyrone booze ?
bob clampett		later career and beany and cecil		tell me something interesting about his later career		what is something interesting about bob clampett 's later career ?
bob clampett		later career and beany and cecil		tell me something interesting about his later career		clampett turned his attentions to television , where he created the famous puppet show time for beany .		how did this show do ?		how did bob clampett 's show , time for beany do ?
bob clampett		later career and beany and cecil		tell me something interesting about his later career		clampett turned his attentions to television , where he created the famous puppet show time for beany .		how did this show do ?		would earn clampett three emmys .		was the show successful ?		was time for beany successful ?
bob clampett		later career and beany and cecil		tell me something interesting about his later career		clampett turned his attentions to television , where he created the famous puppet show time for beany .		how did this show do ?		would earn clampett three emmys .		was the show successful ?		would earn clampett three emmys .		what else did he create for television ?		besides time for beany , what else did bob clampett create for television ?
bob clampett		later career and beany and cecil		tell me something interesting about his later career		clampett turned his attentions to television , where he created the famous puppet show time for beany .		how did this show do ?		would earn clampett three emmys .		was the show successful ?		would earn clampett three emmys .		what else did he create for television ?		he created the thunderbolt the wondercolt television series		when did he create those ?		when did bob clampett create the thunderbolt the wondercolt television series ?
bob clampett		later career and beany and cecil		tell me something interesting about his later career		clampett turned his attentions to television , where he created the famous puppet show time for beany .		how did this show do ?		would earn clampett three emmys .		was the show successful ?		would earn clampett three emmys .		what else did he create for television ?		he created the thunderbolt the wondercolt television series		when did he create those ?		in 1952 ,		which production company was he working with ?		which production company was bob clampett working with ?
bob clampett		later career and beany and cecil		tell me something interesting about his later career		clampett turned his attentions to television , where he created the famous puppet show time for beany .		how did this show do ?		would earn clampett three emmys .		was the show successful ?		would earn clampett three emmys .		what else did he create for television ?		he created the thunderbolt the wondercolt television series		when did he create those ?		in 1952 ,		which production company was he working with ?		clampett was hired by associated artists productions		did he stay with them for long ?		did bob clampett stay with associated artists productions for long ?
bob clampett		legacy		what was his legacy ?		what was bob clampett 's legacy ?
bob clampett		legacy		what was his legacy ?		since 1984 , the bob clampett humanitarian award is given each year at the eisner awards . recipients of the award include		who else received the award ?		besides bob 's legacy , who won the bob clampett humanitarian award ?
bob clampett		legacy		what was his legacy ?		since 1984 , the bob clampett humanitarian award is given each year at the eisner awards . recipients of the award include		who else received the award ?		june foray , jack kirby , sergio aragones , patrick mcdonnell , maggie thompson , ray bradbury and mark evanier .		did clampett receive any other awards ?		in addition to his legacy , did bob clampett receive any other awards ?
bob clampett		legacy		what was his legacy ?		since 1984 , the bob clampett humanitarian award is given each year at the eisner awards . recipients of the award include		who else received the award ?		june foray , jack kirby , sergio aragones , patrick mcdonnell , maggie thompson , ray bradbury and mark evanier .		did clampett receive any other awards ?		clampett 's tin pan alley cats ( 1943 ) was chosen by the library of congress		any more awards ?		besides being chosen for the library of congress , did bob clampett win any other awards ?
bob clampett		legacy		what was his legacy ?		since 1984 , the bob clampett humanitarian award is given each year at the eisner awards . recipients of the award include		who else received the award ?		june foray , jack kirby , sergio aragones , patrick mcdonnell , maggie thompson , ray bradbury and mark evanier .		did clampett receive any other awards ?		clampett 's tin pan alley cats ( 1943 ) was chosen by the library of congress		any more awards ?		i do n't know .		when will the capsule be opened ?		when will the capsule be opened ?
bob clampett		legacy		what was his legacy ?		since 1984 , the bob clampett humanitarian award is given each year at the eisner awards . recipients of the award include		who else received the award ?		june foray , jack kirby , sergio aragones , patrick mcdonnell , maggie thompson , ray bradbury and mark evanier .		did clampett receive any other awards ?		clampett 's tin pan alley cats ( 1943 ) was chosen by the library of congress		any more awards ?		i do n't know .		when will the capsule be opened ?		i do n't know .		was given any other awards ?		in addition to his legacy , did bob clampett receive any other awards ?
bob clampett		legacy		what was his legacy ?		since 1984 , the bob clampett humanitarian award is given each year at the eisner awards . recipients of the award include		who else received the award ?		june foray , jack kirby , sergio aragones , patrick mcdonnell , maggie thompson , ray bradbury and mark evanier .		did clampett receive any other awards ?		clampett 's tin pan alley cats ( 1943 ) was chosen by the library of congress		any more awards ?		i do n't know .		when will the capsule be opened ?		i do n't know .		was given any other awards ?		i do n't know .		what is he most notable for ?		what is bob clampet most notable for ?
fausto coppi		life during world war ii		was coppi in wwii ?		was coppi in wwii ?
fausto coppi		life during world war ii		was coppi in wwii ?		coppi joined the army as soldier 7,375 of the 38th infantry when italy entered world war ii .		how was his experience in the war ?		how was coppi 's experience in wwii ?
fausto coppi		life during world war ii		was coppi in wwii ?		coppi joined the army as soldier 7,375 of the 38th infantry when italy entered world war ii .		how was his experience in the war ?		but in march 1943 they sent him to north africa .		what happened in africa ?		what happened in north africa ?
fausto coppi		life during world war ii		was coppi in wwii ?		coppi joined the army as soldier 7,375 of the 38th infantry when italy entered world war ii .		how was his experience in the war ?		but in march 1943 they sent him to north africa .		what happened in africa ?		there he was taken prisoner by the british between mateur and medjez - el - bab on 13 april 1943 .		what happened while he was a prisoner ?		what happened while coppi was a prisoner ?
fausto coppi		life during world war ii		was coppi in wwii ?		coppi joined the army as soldier 7,375 of the 38th infantry when italy entered world war ii .		how was his experience in the war ?		but in march 1943 they sent him to north africa .		what happened in africa ?		there he was taken prisoner by the british between mateur and medjez - el - bab on 13 april 1943 .		what happened while he was a prisoner ?		he was given odd jobs to do .		did anything other notable thing happen during his prison time ?		did any other notable thing happen during coppi 's prison time aside from being given odd jobs ?
fausto coppi		life during world war ii		was coppi in wwii ?		coppi joined the army as soldier 7,375 of the 38th infantry when italy entered world war ii .		how was his experience in the war ?		but in march 1943 they sent him to north africa .		what happened in africa ?		there he was taken prisoner by the british between mateur and medjez - el - bab on 13 april 1943 .		what happened while he was a prisoner ?		he was given odd jobs to do .		did anything other notable thing happen during his prison time ?		the british cyclist len levesley said he was astonished to find coppi giving him a haircut .		what happened after his prison time ?		what happened after coppi 's prison time ?
fausto coppi		life during world war ii		was coppi in wwii ?		coppi joined the army as soldier 7,375 of the 38th infantry when italy entered world war ii .		how was his experience in the war ?		but in march 1943 they sent him to north africa .		what happened in africa ?		there he was taken prisoner by the british between mateur and medjez - el - bab on 13 april 1943 .		what happened while he was a prisoner ?		he was given odd jobs to do .		did anything other notable thing happen during his prison time ?		the british cyclist len levesley said he was astonished to find coppi giving him a haircut .		what happened after his prison time ?		the british moved coppi to an raf base at caserta in italy in 1945 .		what happened while at the base ?		what happened while at raf base ?
fausto coppi		life during world war ii		was coppi in wwii ?		coppi joined the army as soldier 7,375 of the 38th infantry when italy entered world war ii .		how was his experience in the war ?		but in march 1943 they sent him to north africa .		what happened in africa ?		there he was taken prisoner by the british between mateur and medjez - el - bab on 13 april 1943 .		what happened while he was a prisoner ?		he was given odd jobs to do .		did anything other notable thing happen during his prison time ?		the british cyclist len levesley said he was astonished to find coppi giving him a haircut .		what happened after his prison time ?		the british moved coppi to an raf base at caserta in italy in 1945 .		what happened while at the base ?		there he worked for an officer who had never heard of him . coppi was allowed liberal terms , the war being as good as over .		is there anything else interesting ?		is there anything else interesting that happened besides coppi working for an officer ?
angela davis		brandeis university		where is brandeis university ?		where is brandeis university ?
angela davis		brandeis university		where is brandeis university ?		davis was awarded a scholarship to brandeis university in waltham , massachusetts ,		what did davis study at brandeis university ?		what did angela davis study at brandeis university ?
angela davis		brandeis university		where is brandeis university ?		davis was awarded a scholarship to brandeis university in waltham , massachusetts ,		what did davis study at brandeis university ?		where she was one of three black students in her freshman class .		how long did she attend brandeis university ?		how long did angela davis attend brandeis university ?
angela davis		brandeis university		where is brandeis university ?		davis was awarded a scholarship to brandeis university in waltham , massachusetts ,		what did davis study at brandeis university ?		where she was one of three black students in her freshman class .		how long did she attend brandeis university ?		she returned home in 1963 to a federal bureau of investigation interview about her attendance at the communist - sponsored festival .		did she receive any special awards or reconition while at brandeis ?		did angela davis receive any special awards or reconition while at brandeis university ?
angela davis		brandeis university		where is brandeis university ?		davis was awarded a scholarship to brandeis university in waltham , massachusetts ,		what did davis study at brandeis university ?		where she was one of three black students in her freshman class .		how long did she attend brandeis university ?		she returned home in 1963 to a federal bureau of investigation interview about her attendance at the communist - sponsored festival .		did she receive any special awards or reconition while at brandeis ?		she graduated magna cum laude , a member of phi beta kappa .		why was she under investigation ?		why was angela davis under investigation ?
angela davis		her life		what was her life ?		what was her life ?
angela davis		her life		what was her life ?		angela davis was born in birmingham , alabama .		when was she born ?		when was angela davis born ?
angela davis		her life		what was her life ?		angela davis was born in birmingham , alabama .		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		where did she go to school ?		where did angela davis go to school ?
angela davis		her life		what was her life ?		angela davis was born in birmingham , alabama .		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		where did she go to school ?		she chose elisabeth irwin high school in greenwich village .		did she go to college ?		did angela davis go to college ?
angela davis		her life		what was her life ?		angela davis was born in birmingham , alabama .		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		where did she go to school ?		she chose elisabeth irwin high school in greenwich village .		did she go to college ?		i do n't know .		was she married ?		was angela davis married ?
angela davis		her life		what was her life ?		angela davis was born in birmingham , alabama .		when was she born ?		i do n't know .		where did she go to school ?		she chose elisabeth irwin high school in greenwich village .		did she go to college ?		i do n't know .		was she married ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about angela davis besides her life ?
white lion		big game & mane attraction		what was big game ?		what was big game ?
white lion		big game & mane attraction		what was big game ?		white lion released their third album , big game ,		how did the album do ?		how did the big game album do ?
white lion		big game & mane attraction		what was big game ?		white lion released their third album , big game ,		how did the album do ?		the album quickly went gold , with a peak of no . 19 on the album charts .		did the album have any hit singles ?		did the big game album have any hit singles ?
white lion		big game & mane attraction		what was big game ?		white lion released their third album , big game ,		how did the album do ?		the album quickly went gold , with a peak of no . 19 on the album charts .		did the album have any hit singles ?		the single " little fighter " ( which peaked at no . 52		were there any other notable ones ?		aside from the single little fighter , were there any other notable ones from the big game album ?
white lion		big game & mane attraction		what was big game ?		white lion released their third album , big game ,		how did the album do ?		the album quickly went gold , with a peak of no . 19 on the album charts .		did the album have any hit singles ?		the single " little fighter " ( which peaked at no . 52		were there any other notable ones ?		a cover of golden earring 's " radar love " ( which peaked at no . 59 ) was released as the second single		did they tour with this album ?		did white lion tour with the big game album ?
white lion		big game & mane attraction		what was big game ?		white lion released their third album , big game ,		how did the album do ?		the album quickly went gold , with a peak of no . 19 on the album charts .		did the album have any hit singles ?		the single " little fighter " ( which peaked at no . 52		were there any other notable ones ?		a cover of golden earring 's " radar love " ( which peaked at no . 59 ) was released as the second single		did they tour with this album ?		the band 's success continued with more constant touring .		where did they tour ?		where did white lion tour ?
white lion		big game & mane attraction		what was big game ?		white lion released their third album , big game ,		how did the album do ?		the album quickly went gold , with a peak of no . 19 on the album charts .		did the album have any hit singles ?		the single " little fighter " ( which peaked at no . 52		were there any other notable ones ?		a cover of golden earring 's " radar love " ( which peaked at no . 59 ) was released as the second single		did they tour with this album ?		the band 's success continued with more constant touring .		where did they tour ?		i do n't know .		was there anything else interesting about this album ?		aside from the success of big game , was there anything else interesting about the album ?
thirty seconds to mars		2012 - 2015 : love , lust , faith and dreams		what happened in 2012 ?		what happened in 2012 with thirty seconds to mars ?
thirty seconds to mars		2012 - 2015 : love , lust , faith and dreams		what happened in 2012 ?		thirty seconds to mars took a break from touring in 2012 and spent most of the year recording their fourth album , entitled love , lust , faith and dreams .		how did this album do ?		how did " love , lust , faith and dreams " do ?
thirty seconds to mars		2012 - 2015 : love , lust , faith and dreams		what happened in 2012 ?		thirty seconds to mars took a break from touring in 2012 and spent most of the year recording their fourth album , entitled love , lust , faith and dreams .		how did this album do ?		creatively , we 've gone to an entirely new place , which is exciting , unexpected , and incredibly inspiring . "		how did the album sound ?		how did " love , lust , faith and dreams " sound ?
thirty seconds to mars		2012 - 2015 : love , lust , faith and dreams		what happened in 2012 ?		thirty seconds to mars took a break from touring in 2012 and spent most of the year recording their fourth album , entitled love , lust , faith and dreams .		how did this album do ?		creatively , we 've gone to an entirely new place , which is exciting , unexpected , and incredibly inspiring . "		how did the album sound ?		he explained that the album " is more than an evolution , it 's a brand new beginning .		what happened after the album release ?		what happened after " love , lust , faith and dreams " released ?
thirty seconds to mars		2012 - 2015 : love , lust , faith and dreams		what happened in 2012 ?		thirty seconds to mars took a break from touring in 2012 and spent most of the year recording their fourth album , entitled love , lust , faith and dreams .		how did this album do ?		creatively , we 've gone to an entirely new place , which is exciting , unexpected , and incredibly inspiring . "		how did the album sound ?		he explained that the album " is more than an evolution , it 's a brand new beginning .		what happened after the album release ?		artifact , a documentary about the band 's legal battle against the record label emi and the making of this is war , premiered at the toronto international film festival		was the film well received ?		was " artifact " well received ?
thirty seconds to mars		2012 - 2015 : love , lust , faith and dreams		what happened in 2012 ?		thirty seconds to mars took a break from touring in 2012 and spent most of the year recording their fourth album , entitled love , lust , faith and dreams .		how did this album do ?		creatively , we 've gone to an entirely new place , which is exciting , unexpected , and incredibly inspiring . "		how did the album sound ?		he explained that the album " is more than an evolution , it 's a brand new beginning .		what happened after the album release ?		artifact , a documentary about the band 's legal battle against the record label emi and the making of this is war , premiered at the toronto international film festival		was the film well received ?		and won the people 's choice documentary award .		did it receive any other awards ?		did " artifact " receive any other awards besides the people 's choice documentary award ?
thirty seconds to mars		2012 - 2015 : love , lust , faith and dreams		what happened in 2012 ?		thirty seconds to mars took a break from touring in 2012 and spent most of the year recording their fourth album , entitled love , lust , faith and dreams .		how did this album do ?		creatively , we 've gone to an entirely new place , which is exciting , unexpected , and incredibly inspiring . "		how did the album sound ?		he explained that the album " is more than an evolution , it 's a brand new beginning .		what happened after the album release ?		artifact , a documentary about the band 's legal battle against the record label emi and the making of this is war , premiered at the toronto international film festival		was the film well received ?		and won the people 's choice documentary award .		did it receive any other awards ?		i do n't know .		did they go on tour ?		did thirty seconds to mars go on tour ?
thirty seconds to mars		2012 - 2015 : love , lust , faith and dreams		what happened in 2012 ?		thirty seconds to mars took a break from touring in 2012 and spent most of the year recording their fourth album , entitled love , lust , faith and dreams .		how did this album do ?		creatively , we 've gone to an entirely new place , which is exciting , unexpected , and incredibly inspiring . "		how did the album sound ?		he explained that the album " is more than an evolution , it 's a brand new beginning .		what happened after the album release ?		artifact , a documentary about the band 's legal battle against the record label emi and the making of this is war , premiered at the toronto international film festival		was the film well received ?		and won the people 's choice documentary award .		did it receive any other awards ?		i do n't know .		did they go on tour ?		the band began their love , lust , faith and dreams tour in june , which included festival dates at rock werchter , pinkpop , rock in rio , and rock am ring .		how did the tour go ?		how did the love , lust , faith and dreams tour go ?
krusty the clown		creation		when was krusty created ?		when was krusty created ?
krusty the clown		creation		when was krusty created ?		krusty first appeared in " the krusty the clown show " , one of the simpsons shorts from the tracey ullman show that first aired on january 15 , 1989 .		what did krusty do in the episode ?		what did krusty do in the episode " the krusty the clown show " ?
krusty the clown		creation		when was krusty created ?		krusty first appeared in " the krusty the clown show " , one of the simpsons shorts from the tracey ullman show that first aired on january 15 , 1989 .		what did krusty do in the episode ?		i do n't know .		who voiced krusty ?		who voiced krusty ?
krusty the clown		creation		when was krusty created ?		krusty first appeared in " the krusty the clown show " , one of the simpsons shorts from the tracey ullman show that first aired on january 15 , 1989 .		what did krusty do in the episode ?		i do n't know .		who voiced krusty ?		dan castellaneta based his voice characterization on chicago television 's bob bell who had a very raspy voice and portrayed wgn - tv 's bozo the clown from 1960 to 1984 .		was krusty a hit ?		was krusty a hit ?
krusty the clown		creation		when was krusty created ?		krusty first appeared in " the krusty the clown show " , one of the simpsons shorts from the tracey ullman show that first aired on january 15 , 1989 .		what did krusty do in the episode ?		i do n't know .		who voiced krusty ?		dan castellaneta based his voice characterization on chicago television 's bob bell who had a very raspy voice and portrayed wgn - tv 's bozo the clown from 1960 to 1984 .		was krusty a hit ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides krusty 's voice characterization being based on bob bell , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
krusty the clown		creation		when was krusty created ?		krusty first appeared in " the krusty the clown show " , one of the simpsons shorts from the tracey ullman show that first aired on january 15 , 1989 .		what did krusty do in the episode ?		i do n't know .		who voiced krusty ?		dan castellaneta based his voice characterization on chicago television 's bob bell who had a very raspy voice and portrayed wgn - tv 's bozo the clown from 1960 to 1984 .		was krusty a hit ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		many events in krusty 's life parallel those of comedian jerry lewis ,		which events are those ?		which events in krusty 's life parallel jerry lewis 's life ?
sandra day o'connor		foreign law		what did she do with foreign law ?		what did sandra day o'connor do with foreign law ?
sandra day o'connor		foreign law		what did she do with foreign law ?		judicial decisions should not be based on any foreign laws , court decisions , or pronouncements of foreign governments		how did she show this ?		how did sandra day o'connor show judicial decisions should not be based on any foreign laws , court decisions , or pronouncements ?
sandra day o'connor		foreign law		what did she do with foreign law ?		judicial decisions should not be based on any foreign laws , court decisions , or pronouncements of foreign governments		how did she show this ?		n]o authority shall prevail over the judgement of a judge , and under no circumstances may the course of justice be interfered with . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article other than the work of sandra day o'connor on foreign laws ?
sandra day o'connor		foreign law		what did she do with foreign law ?		judicial decisions should not be based on any foreign laws , court decisions , or pronouncements of foreign governments		how did she show this ?		n]o authority shall prevail over the judgement of a judge , and under no circumstances may the course of justice be interfered with . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in her retirement , she has continued to speak and organize conferences on the issue of judicial independence .		what changes has she helped make ?		what judicial changes has sandra day o'connor helped make ?
leonard nimoy		stage		some examples of his stage work ?		some examples of leonard nimoy 's stage work ?
leonard nimoy		stage		some examples of his stage work ?		in 1971 he played the starring role of tevye		did he do any other stage work ?		did leonard nimoy do any other stage work aside from the starring role of tevye ?
leonard nimoy		stage		some examples of his stage work ?		in 1971 he played the starring role of tevye		did he do any other stage work ?		later that year he starred as arthur goldman in the man in the glass booth at the old globe theater in san diego .		was any stage work recognized or awarded ?		was any of leonard nimoy 's stage work recognized or awarded ?
leonard nimoy		stage		some examples of his stage work ?		in 1971 he played the starring role of tevye		did he do any other stage work ?		later that year he starred as arthur goldman in the man in the glass booth at the old globe theater in san diego .		was any stage work recognized or awarded ?		i do n't know .		what was interesting or unique about his stage work ?		what was interesting or unique about leonard nimoy 's stage work ?
leonard nimoy		stage		some examples of his stage work ?		in 1971 he played the starring role of tevye		did he do any other stage work ?		later that year he starred as arthur goldman in the man in the glass booth at the old globe theater in san diego .		was any stage work recognized or awarded ?		i do n't know .		what was interesting or unique about his stage work ?		nimoy , who had performed in the yiddish theater as a young man , said the part was like a " homecoming " for him ,		what else did he do ?		what else did leonard nimoy do other than the man in the glass booth ?
leonard nimoy		stage		some examples of his stage work ?		in 1971 he played the starring role of tevye		did he do any other stage work ?		later that year he starred as arthur goldman in the man in the glass booth at the old globe theater in san diego .		was any stage work recognized or awarded ?		i do n't know .		what was interesting or unique about his stage work ?		nimoy , who had performed in the yiddish theater as a young man , said the part was like a " homecoming " for him ,		what else did he do ?		he starred as randle mcmurphy in one flew over the cuckoo 's nest in 1974 ,		any other stage work worth mentioning ?		besides one flew over the cuckoos nest , did leonard nimoy do any other stage work worth mentioning ?
leonard nimoy		stage		some examples of his stage work ?		in 1971 he played the starring role of tevye		did he do any other stage work ?		later that year he starred as arthur goldman in the man in the glass booth at the old globe theater in san diego .		was any stage work recognized or awarded ?		i do n't know .		what was interesting or unique about his stage work ?		nimoy , who had performed in the yiddish theater as a young man , said the part was like a " homecoming " for him ,		what else did he do ?		he starred as randle mcmurphy in one flew over the cuckoo 's nest in 1974 ,		any other stage work worth mentioning ?		in 1975 he toured with and played the title role in the royal shakespeare company 's sherlock holmes .		what else did he do on stage ?		what else did leonard nimoy do on stage , in addition to sherlock holmes ?
diego maradona		international management		who did maradona manage ?		who did maradona manage ?
diego maradona		international management		who did maradona manage ?		after the resignation of argentina national team coach alfio basile in 2008 , maradona immediately proposed his candidacy for the vacant role .		how long was maradona the team coach for argentina ?		how long was maradona the team coach for argentina ?
diego maradona		international management		who did maradona manage ?		after the resignation of argentina national team coach alfio basile in 2008 , maradona immediately proposed his candidacy for the vacant role .		how long was maradona the team coach for argentina ?		i do n't know .		how many wins did maradona have with argentina ?		how many wins did maradona have with argentina ?
diego maradona		international management		who did maradona manage ?		after the resignation of argentina national team coach alfio basile in 2008 , maradona immediately proposed his candidacy for the vacant role .		how long was maradona the team coach for argentina ?		i do n't know .		how many wins did maradona have with argentina ?		i do n't know .		how many years was maradona a team manager ?		how many years was maradona a team manager ?
diego maradona		international management		who did maradona manage ?		after the resignation of argentina national team coach alfio basile in 2008 , maradona immediately proposed his candidacy for the vacant role .		how long was maradona the team coach for argentina ?		i do n't know .		how many wins did maradona have with argentina ?		i do n't know .		how many years was maradona a team manager ?		i do n't know .		what years was maradona a team manager ?		what years was maradona a team manager ?
diego maradona		international management		who did maradona manage ?		after the resignation of argentina national team coach alfio basile in 2008 , maradona immediately proposed his candidacy for the vacant role .		how long was maradona the team coach for argentina ?		i do n't know .		how many wins did maradona have with argentina ?		i do n't know .		how many years was maradona a team manager ?		i do n't know .		what years was maradona a team manager ?		the afa said that he would be offered a new four - year deal that would keep him in charge through to the summer of 2014 when brazil stages the world cup .		was his contract renewed ?		was maradona 's contract renewed ?
spirit ( rover )		discoveries about martian rocks and minerals		what was the spirit 's main discovery ?		what was the spirit 's main discovery ?
spirit ( rover )		discoveries about martian rocks and minerals		what was the spirit 's main discovery ?		analysis shows that the rocks have been slightly altered by tiny amounts of water .		which martian rocks were analysed ?		which martian rocks were analysed ?
spirit ( rover )		discoveries about martian rocks and minerals		what was the spirit 's main discovery ?		analysis shows that the rocks have been slightly altered by tiny amounts of water .		which martian rocks were analysed ?		all the rocks contain a fine coating of dust and one or more harder rinds of material .		what materials do martian rocks contain ?		what materials do martian rocks contain ?
spirit ( rover )		discoveries about martian rocks and minerals		what was the spirit 's main discovery ?		analysis shows that the rocks have been slightly altered by tiny amounts of water .		which martian rocks were analysed ?		all the rocks contain a fine coating of dust and one or more harder rinds of material .		what materials do martian rocks contain ?		they contain the minerals olivine , pyroxene , plagioclase , and magnetite , and they look like volcanic basalt as they are fine - grained with irregular holes		where were these rocks found ?		where were martian rocks found ?
spirit ( rover )		discoveries about martian rocks and minerals		what was the spirit 's main discovery ?		analysis shows that the rocks have been slightly altered by tiny amounts of water .		which martian rocks were analysed ?		all the rocks contain a fine coating of dust and one or more harder rinds of material .		what materials do martian rocks contain ?		they contain the minerals olivine , pyroxene , plagioclase , and magnetite , and they look like volcanic basalt as they are fine - grained with irregular holes		where were these rocks found ?		there are a variety of rocks in the columbia hills , some of which have been altered by water , but not by very much water .		how did water alter the martian rocks ?		how did water alter the martian rocks ?
spirit ( rover )		discoveries about martian rocks and minerals		what was the spirit 's main discovery ?		analysis shows that the rocks have been slightly altered by tiny amounts of water .		which martian rocks were analysed ?		all the rocks contain a fine coating of dust and one or more harder rinds of material .		what materials do martian rocks contain ?		they contain the minerals olivine , pyroxene , plagioclase , and magnetite , and they look like volcanic basalt as they are fine - grained with irregular holes		where were these rocks found ?		there are a variety of rocks in the columbia hills , some of which have been altered by water , but not by very much water .		how did water alter the martian rocks ?		outside coatings and cracks inside the rocks suggest water deposited minerals , maybe bromine compounds .		did all the rocks contain water deposited minerals ?		did all the rocks contain water deposited minerals ?
spirit ( rover )		discoveries about martian rocks and minerals		what was the spirit 's main discovery ?		analysis shows that the rocks have been slightly altered by tiny amounts of water .		which martian rocks were analysed ?		all the rocks contain a fine coating of dust and one or more harder rinds of material .		what materials do martian rocks contain ?		they contain the minerals olivine , pyroxene , plagioclase , and magnetite , and they look like volcanic basalt as they are fine - grained with irregular holes		where were these rocks found ?		there are a variety of rocks in the columbia hills , some of which have been altered by water , but not by very much water .		how did water alter the martian rocks ?		outside coatings and cracks inside the rocks suggest water deposited minerals , maybe bromine compounds .		did all the rocks contain water deposited minerals ?		all the rocks contain a fine coating of dust and one or more harder rinds of material .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the discovery of water in mars are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
spirit ( rover )		discoveries about martian rocks and minerals		what was the spirit 's main discovery ?		analysis shows that the rocks have been slightly altered by tiny amounts of water .		which martian rocks were analysed ?		all the rocks contain a fine coating of dust and one or more harder rinds of material .		what materials do martian rocks contain ?		they contain the minerals olivine , pyroxene , plagioclase , and magnetite , and they look like volcanic basalt as they are fine - grained with irregular holes		where were these rocks found ?		there are a variety of rocks in the columbia hills , some of which have been altered by water , but not by very much water .		how did water alter the martian rocks ?		outside coatings and cracks inside the rocks suggest water deposited minerals , maybe bromine compounds .		did all the rocks contain water deposited minerals ?		all the rocks contain a fine coating of dust and one or more harder rinds of material .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the dust in gusev crater is the same as dust all around the planet . all the dust was found to be magnetic .		how did spirit find out about magnetic dust ?		how did spirit find out about magnetic dust ?
branch rickey		fruition of the farm system		what is fruition of the farm system ?		what is fruition of the farm system ?
branch rickey		fruition of the farm system		what is fruition of the farm system ?		rickey 's cardinals , known as the " gashouse gang " , were the class of the national league .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article other than rickey 's cardinals ?
branch rickey		fruition of the farm system		what is fruition of the farm system ?		rickey 's cardinals , known as the " gashouse gang " , were the class of the national league .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		kenesaw mountain landis , the commissioner of baseball , was concerned that rickey 's minor league system was going to ruin baseball by destroying existing minor league teams ,		did it ruin things ?		did rickey 's minor league system ruin things ?
branch rickey		fruition of the farm system		what is fruition of the farm system ?		rickey 's cardinals , known as the " gashouse gang " , were the class of the national league .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		kenesaw mountain landis , the commissioner of baseball , was concerned that rickey 's minor league system was going to ruin baseball by destroying existing minor league teams ,		did it ruin things ?		they won 101 games in 1931 and won the world series in seven games .		what other records do they hold ?		what other records do cardinals hold other than winning 101 games in 1931 and the world series ?
branch rickey		fruition of the farm system		what is fruition of the farm system ?		rickey 's cardinals , known as the " gashouse gang " , were the class of the national league .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		kenesaw mountain landis , the commissioner of baseball , was concerned that rickey 's minor league system was going to ruin baseball by destroying existing minor league teams ,		did it ruin things ?		they won 101 games in 1931 and won the world series in seven games .		what other records do they hold ?		1934 cardinals , who won the franchise 's third world series title .		what brought them that win ?		what brought cardinals the third world series win ?
branch rickey		fruition of the farm system		what is fruition of the farm system ?		rickey 's cardinals , known as the " gashouse gang " , were the class of the national league .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		kenesaw mountain landis , the commissioner of baseball , was concerned that rickey 's minor league system was going to ruin baseball by destroying existing minor league teams ,		did it ruin things ?		they won 101 games in 1931 and won the world series in seven games .		what other records do they hold ?		1934 cardinals , who won the franchise 's third world series title .		what brought them that win ?		future hall of famers dizzy dean and joe medwick , nicknamed " ducky " , and dean 's brother paul " daffy " dean .		did they have any other big name players ?		did cardinals have any other big name players other than dizzy dean and joe medwick ?
branch rickey		fruition of the farm system		what is fruition of the farm system ?		rickey 's cardinals , known as the " gashouse gang " , were the class of the national league .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		kenesaw mountain landis , the commissioner of baseball , was concerned that rickey 's minor league system was going to ruin baseball by destroying existing minor league teams ,		did it ruin things ?		they won 101 games in 1931 and won the world series in seven games .		what other records do they hold ?		1934 cardinals , who won the franchise 's third world series title .		what brought them that win ?		future hall of famers dizzy dean and joe medwick , nicknamed " ducky " , and dean 's brother paul " daffy " dean .		did they have any other big name players ?		enos slaughter and stan musial , became hall of famers ;		what is the name of the stadium they play in ?		what is the name of the stadium cardinals play in ?
branch rickey		fruition of the farm system		what is fruition of the farm system ?		rickey 's cardinals , known as the " gashouse gang " , were the class of the national league .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		kenesaw mountain landis , the commissioner of baseball , was concerned that rickey 's minor league system was going to ruin baseball by destroying existing minor league teams ,		did it ruin things ?		they won 101 games in 1931 and won the world series in seven games .		what other records do they hold ?		1934 cardinals , who won the franchise 's third world series title .		what brought them that win ?		future hall of famers dizzy dean and joe medwick , nicknamed " ducky " , and dean 's brother paul " daffy " dean .		did they have any other big name players ?		enos slaughter and stan musial , became hall of famers ;		what is the name of the stadium they play in ?		i do n't know .		are there other important factors noted in this article ?		are there other important factors noted in this article other than cardinals records ?
johnny cash		the johnny cash show 1969 - 1971		what was his first show ?		what was johnny cash 's first show ?
johnny cash		the johnny cash show 1969 - 1971		what was his first show ?		cash began performing concerts at prisons starting in the late 1950s .		how did his early career go		how did johnny cash 's early career go ?
johnny cash		the johnny cash show 1969 - 1971		what was his first show ?		cash began performing concerts at prisons starting in the late 1950s .		how did his early career go		these performances led to a pair of highly successful live albums ,		what were the early albums		what were johnny cash 's early albums ?
johnny cash		the johnny cash show 1969 - 1971		what was his first show ?		cash began performing concerts at prisons starting in the late 1950s .		how did his early career go		these performances led to a pair of highly successful live albums ,		what were the early albums		johnny cash at folsom prison ( 1968 ) and johnny cash at san quentin ( 1969 ) .		were the albums popular		were johnny cash 's albums popular ?
johnny cash		the johnny cash show 1969 - 1971		what was his first show ?		cash began performing concerts at prisons starting in the late 1950s .		how did his early career go		these performances led to a pair of highly successful live albums ,		what were the early albums		johnny cash at folsom prison ( 1968 ) and johnny cash at san quentin ( 1969 ) .		were the albums popular		both live albums reached number 1 on billboard country album music and the latter crossed over to reach the top of the billboard pop album chart .		did he win any awards		did johnny cash win any awards ?
the boo radleys		wake up ! and beyond		when was wake up ! released ?		when was the album wake up ! , by the boo radleys , released ?
the boo radleys		wake up ! and beyond		when was wake up ! released ?		broke into the mainstream in 1995 . this changed when the band released the upbeat single " wake up boo ! " in the spring of that year .		was it an album ?		was ' wake up ! ' an album ?
the boo radleys		wake up ! and beyond		when was wake up ! released ?		broke into the mainstream in 1995 . this changed when the band released the upbeat single " wake up boo ! " in the spring of that year .		was it an album ?		their fourth album wake up ! ( 1995 ) , was their commercial peak .		did the album have any singles ?		did the ' wake up ! , by the boo radleys , have any singles ?
the boo radleys		wake up ! and beyond		when was wake up ! released ?		broke into the mainstream in 1995 . this changed when the band released the upbeat single " wake up boo ! " in the spring of that year .		was it an album ?		their fourth album wake up ! ( 1995 ) , was their commercial peak .		did the album have any singles ?		i do n't know .		what did the album peak it on the billboards ?		what did the album ' wake up ! ' , by the boo radleys , peak at on the billboards ?
the boo radleys		wake up ! and beyond		when was wake up ! released ?		broke into the mainstream in 1995 . this changed when the band released the upbeat single " wake up boo ! " in the spring of that year .		was it an album ?		their fourth album wake up ! ( 1995 ) , was their commercial peak .		did the album have any singles ?		i do n't know .		what did the album peak it on the billboards ?		i do n't know .		did they release any other albums ?		did the boo radleys release any albums besides ' wake up ! ' ?
the boo radleys		wake up ! and beyond		when was wake up ! released ?		broke into the mainstream in 1995 . this changed when the band released the upbeat single " wake up boo ! " in the spring of that year .		was it an album ?		their fourth album wake up ! ( 1995 ) , was their commercial peak .		did the album have any singles ?		i do n't know .		what did the album peak it on the billboards ?		i do n't know .		did they release any other albums ?		boo radleys released their fifth album c'mon kids .		did c'mon kids have any singles ?		did the album ' c'mon kids , ' by the boo radleys , have any singles ?
mystique ( comics )		marauders		who are the maraauders		name the maraauders ?
mystique ( comics )		marauders		who are the maraauders		lady mastermind and omega sentinel (		is this a group of vilians		are the maraauders a group of vilians ?
mystique ( comics )		marauders		who are the maraauders		lady mastermind and omega sentinel (		is this a group of vilians		she then reveals herself as a traitor as well , shoots her adopted daughter , and orders the remaining marauders to kill the x - men .		who was her mother		who was lady mastermind 's mother ?
mystique ( comics )		marauders		who are the maraauders		lady mastermind and omega sentinel (		is this a group of vilians		she then reveals herself as a traitor as well , shoots her adopted daughter , and orders the remaining marauders to kill the x - men .		who was her mother		i do n't know .		did they kill the xmen		did the maraauders kill the xmen ?
mystique ( comics )		marauders		who are the maraauders		lady mastermind and omega sentinel (		is this a group of vilians		she then reveals herself as a traitor as well , shoots her adopted daughter , and orders the remaining marauders to kill the x - men .		who was her mother		i do n't know .		did they kill the xmen		i do n't know .		what is the coup de grace		what is the coup de grace
mystique ( comics )		marauders		who are the maraauders		lady mastermind and omega sentinel (		is this a group of vilians		she then reveals herself as a traitor as well , shoots her adopted daughter , and orders the remaining marauders to kill the x - men .		who was her mother		i do n't know .		did they kill the xmen		i do n't know .		what is the coup de grace		i do n't know .		how did wolverine wound her		how did wolverine wound her
mystique ( comics )		double agent		who was the double agent ?		who was the double agent in the comics mystique ?
mystique ( comics )		double agent		who was the double agent ?		mystique ,		who did she turn on to become a double agent ?		who did mystique turn on to become a double agent ?
mystique ( comics )		double agent		who was the double agent ?		mystique ,		who did she turn on to become a double agent ?		united states civil service		was she forced into this decision ?		was mystique forced into becoming a double agent ?
mystique ( comics )		double agent		who was the double agent ?		mystique ,		who did she turn on to become a double agent ?		united states civil service		was she forced into this decision ?		professor x is forced to make mystique his secret agent ,		was there a mission or something she went on during this time ?		was there a mission or something mystique went on during her time being professor x 's secret agent ?
mystique ( comics )		double agent		who was the double agent ?		mystique ,		who did she turn on to become a double agent ?		united states civil service		was she forced into this decision ?		professor x is forced to make mystique his secret agent ,		was there a mission or something she went on during this time ?		she attempts the theft of the centurion weaponry from s.h.i.e.l.d.		what reason did she want this weaponry ?		what reason did mystique want the centurion weaponry from s.h.i.e.l.d. ?
emmeline pankhurst		richard 's death		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about emmeline pankhurst , richard 's death ?
emmeline pankhurst		richard 's death		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the loss of her husband left pankhurst with new responsibilities and a significant amount of debt . she moved the family to a smaller house at 62 nelson street ,		what city and state		what city and state did richard live ?
emmeline pankhurst		richard 's death		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the loss of her husband left pankhurst with new responsibilities and a significant amount of debt . she moved the family to a smaller house at 62 nelson street ,		what city and state		england .		how did he die		how did richard die ?
emmeline pankhurst		richard 's death		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the loss of her husband left pankhurst with new responsibilities and a significant amount of debt . she moved the family to a smaller house at 62 nelson street ,		what city and state		england .		how did he die		richard pankhurst began to experience severe stomach pains . he had developed a gastric ulcer , and his health deteriorated in 1897 .		when did he die		when did richard die ?
billy \crash\ " craddock "		success in the states		what sort of success did he have ?		what sort of success did craddock have ?
billy \crash\ " craddock "		success in the states		what sort of success did he have ?		signed with cartwheel records in 1969 . he soon had his first number one hit with a cover of the tony orlando and dawn pop hit " knock three times "		what other top songs did he have ?		aside from knock three times , what other top songs did craddock have ?
billy \crash\ " craddock "		success in the states		what sort of success did he have ?		signed with cartwheel records in 1969 . he soon had his first number one hit with a cover of the tony orlando and dawn pop hit " knock three times "		what other top songs did he have ?		other hits he had for cartwheel , all during 1971 - 1972 , included " dream lover " , " you better move on " , " ai n't nothin' shakin ' (		what other hits did he have ?		in addition to dream lover and you better move on , what other hits did craddock have ?
billy \crash\ " craddock "		success in the states		what sort of success did he have ?		signed with cartwheel records in 1969 . he soon had his first number one hit with a cover of the tony orlando and dawn pop hit " knock three times "		what other top songs did he have ?		other hits he had for cartwheel , all during 1971 - 1972 , included " dream lover " , " you better move on " , " ai n't nothin' shakin ' (		what other hits did he have ?		) " , and " i 'm gon na knock on your door " , were all top 10 hits in 1971 and 1972 .		what other hits did he have ?		along with i 'm gon na knock on your door , what other hits did craddock have ?
billy \crash\ " craddock "		success in the states		what sort of success did he have ?		signed with cartwheel records in 1969 . he soon had his first number one hit with a cover of the tony orlando and dawn pop hit " knock three times "		what other top songs did he have ?		other hits he had for cartwheel , all during 1971 - 1972 , included " dream lover " , " you better move on " , " ai n't nothin' shakin ' (		what other hits did he have ?		) " , and " i 'm gon na knock on your door " , were all top 10 hits in 1971 and 1972 .		what other hits did he have ?		in 1973 , craddock signed with abc records ( later abc / dot records ) , where he enjoyed his biggest hits . one was " sweet magnolia blossom "		was there other hits ?		besides sweet magnolia blossom , was there other hits from craddock ?
cornelius vanderbilt		steamboat entrepreneur		how come he focussed on steamboats ?		how come cornelius vanderbilt focused on steamboats ?
cornelius vanderbilt		steamboat entrepreneur		how come he focussed on steamboats ?		that year he faced opposition by a steamboat operated by daniel drew , who forced vanderbilt to buy him out .		how did he make all his money ?		how did cornelius vanderbilt make all his money ?
cornelius vanderbilt		steamboat entrepreneur		how come he focussed on steamboats ?		that year he faced opposition by a steamboat operated by daniel drew , who forced vanderbilt to buy him out .		how did he make all his money ?		after thomas gibbons died in 1826 , vanderbilt worked for gibbons ' son william until 1829 .		did he get along with gibbon 's son william ?		did cornelius vanderbilt get along with gibbon 's son william ?
cornelius vanderbilt		steamboat entrepreneur		how come he focussed on steamboats ?		that year he faced opposition by a steamboat operated by daniel drew , who forced vanderbilt to buy him out .		how did he make all his money ?		after thomas gibbons died in 1826 , vanderbilt worked for gibbons ' son william until 1829 .		did he get along with gibbon 's son william ?		i do n't know .		why did he stop working with gibbon 's son ?		why did cornelius vanderbilt stop working with gibbon 's son ?
cornelius vanderbilt		steamboat entrepreneur		how come he focussed on steamboats ?		that year he faced opposition by a steamboat operated by daniel drew , who forced vanderbilt to buy him out .		how did he make all his money ?		after thomas gibbons died in 1826 , vanderbilt worked for gibbons ' son william until 1829 .		did he get along with gibbon 's son william ?		i do n't know .		why did he stop working with gibbon 's son ?		in 1831 , he took over his brother jacob 's line to peekskill , new york , on the lower hudson river .		why did n't vanderbilt help with the peekskill line ?		why did n't cornelius vanderbilt help with the peekskill line ?
cornelius vanderbilt		steamboat entrepreneur		how come he focussed on steamboats ?		that year he faced opposition by a steamboat operated by daniel drew , who forced vanderbilt to buy him out .		how did he make all his money ?		after thomas gibbons died in 1826 , vanderbilt worked for gibbons ' son william until 1829 .		did he get along with gibbon 's son william ?		i do n't know .		why did he stop working with gibbon 's son ?		in 1831 , he took over his brother jacob 's line to peekskill , new york , on the lower hudson river .		why did n't vanderbilt help with the peekskill line ?		that year he faced opposition by a steamboat operated by daniel drew , who forced vanderbilt to buy him out .		did vanderbuilt have anything to do with drew after that ?		did cornelius vanderbilt have anything to do with daniel drew after the peekskill line matter ?
stephen sondheim		early years		what did he do in his early years ?		what did stephen sondheim do in his early years ?
stephen sondheim		early years		what did he do in his early years ?		when he lived in new york , sondheim attended ecfs , the ethical culture fieldston school known simply as " fieldston . "		when did he graduate ?		when did stephen sondheim graduate ?
stephen sondheim		early years		what did he do in his early years ?		when he lived in new york , sondheim attended ecfs , the ethical culture fieldston school known simply as " fieldston . "		when did he graduate ?		he later attended the new york military academy and george school , a private quaker preparatory school in bucks county , pennsylvania		did he join the military ?		did stephen sondheim join the military ?
stephen sondheim		early years		what did he do in his early years ?		when he lived in new york , sondheim attended ecfs , the ethical culture fieldston school known simply as " fieldston . "		when did he graduate ?		he later attended the new york military academy and george school , a private quaker preparatory school in bucks county , pennsylvania		did he join the military ?		he later attended the new york military academy		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from stephen sondheim 's education , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
stephen sondheim		early years		what did he do in his early years ?		when he lived in new york , sondheim attended ecfs , the ethical culture fieldston school known simply as " fieldston . "		when did he graduate ?		he later attended the new york military academy and george school , a private quaker preparatory school in bucks county , pennsylvania		did he join the military ?		he later attended the new york military academy		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		sondheim detested his mother , who was said to be psychologically abusive and projected her anger from her failed marriage on her son :		did his mother abuse him ?		did stephen sondheim 's mother abuse him ?
stephen sondheim		early years		what did he do in his early years ?		when he lived in new york , sondheim attended ecfs , the ethical culture fieldston school known simply as " fieldston . "		when did he graduate ?		he later attended the new york military academy and george school , a private quaker preparatory school in bucks county , pennsylvania		did he join the military ?		he later attended the new york military academy		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		sondheim detested his mother , who was said to be psychologically abusive and projected her anger from her failed marriage on her son :		did his mother abuse him ?		what she did for five years was treat me like dirt , but come on to me at the same time .		where was his father ?		where was stephen sondheim 's father ?
stephen sondheim		early years		what did he do in his early years ?		when he lived in new york , sondheim attended ecfs , the ethical culture fieldston school known simply as " fieldston . "		when did he graduate ?		he later attended the new york military academy and george school , a private quaker preparatory school in bucks county , pennsylvania		did he join the military ?		he later attended the new york military academy		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		sondheim detested his mother , who was said to be psychologically abusive and projected her anger from her failed marriage on her son :		did his mother abuse him ?		what she did for five years was treat me like dirt , but come on to me at the same time .		where was his father ?		when sondheim was ten , his father ( already a distant figure ) left his mother for another woman ( alicia , with whom he had two sons ) .		was his father involved in his life ?		was stephen sondheim 's father involved in his life ?
stephen sondheim		early years		what did he do in his early years ?		when he lived in new york , sondheim attended ecfs , the ethical culture fieldston school known simply as " fieldston . "		when did he graduate ?		he later attended the new york military academy and george school , a private quaker preparatory school in bucks county , pennsylvania		did he join the military ?		he later attended the new york military academy		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		sondheim detested his mother , who was said to be psychologically abusive and projected her anger from her failed marriage on her son :		did his mother abuse him ?		what she did for five years was treat me like dirt , but come on to me at the same time .		where was his father ?		when sondheim was ten , his father ( already a distant figure ) left his mother for another woman ( alicia , with whom he had two sons ) .		was his father involved in his life ?		herbert sought custody of stephen but was unsuccessful .		where did he live ?		where did stephen sondheim live ?
stephen sondheim		early years		what did he do in his early years ?		when he lived in new york , sondheim attended ecfs , the ethical culture fieldston school known simply as " fieldston . "		when did he graduate ?		he later attended the new york military academy and george school , a private quaker preparatory school in bucks county , pennsylvania		did he join the military ?		he later attended the new york military academy		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		sondheim detested his mother , who was said to be psychologically abusive and projected her anger from her failed marriage on her son :		did his mother abuse him ?		what she did for five years was treat me like dirt , but come on to me at the same time .		where was his father ?		when sondheim was ten , his father ( already a distant figure ) left his mother for another woman ( alicia , with whom he had two sons ) .		was his father involved in his life ?		herbert sought custody of stephen but was unsuccessful .		where did he live ?		sondheim was born into a jewish family in new york city ,		did he remain in nyc ?		did stephen sondheim remain in nyc ?
stanley donen		1949 - 1952 : mgm contract director		did he become an mgm contract director		did stanley donen become an mgm contract director ?
stanley donen		1949 - 1952 : mgm contract director		did he become an mgm contract director		after the success of on the town , donen signed a seven - year contract with mgm as a director .		what did he direct		what did stanley donen direct ?
stanley donen		1949 - 1952 : mgm contract director		did he become an mgm contract director		after the success of on the town , donen signed a seven - year contract with mgm as a director .		what did he direct		freed ,		in what year		in what year did stanley donen direct freed ?
stanley donen		1949 - 1952 : mgm contract director		did he become an mgm contract director		after the success of on the town , donen signed a seven - year contract with mgm as a director .		what did he direct		freed ,		in what year		i do n't know .		what else did he direct		what else did stanley donen direct aside from freed ?
stanley donen		1949 - 1952 : mgm contract director		did he become an mgm contract director		after the success of on the town , donen signed a seven - year contract with mgm as a director .		what did he direct		freed ,		in what year		i do n't know .		what else did he direct		royal wedding		what was his biggest hit		what was stanley donen 's biggest hit ?
jessica mauboy		2015-present : upcoming fourth studio album , the secret daughter and eurovision		what has jessica done the last few years ?		what has jessica mauboy done the last few years ?
jessica mauboy		2015-present : upcoming fourth studio album , the secret daughter and eurovision		what has jessica done the last few years ?		mauboy 's first extended play itunes session was released on 18 july 2014 ,		how many releases has jessica had ?		how many releases has jessica mauboy had ?
jessica mauboy		2015-present : upcoming fourth studio album , the secret daughter and eurovision		what has jessica done the last few years ?		mauboy 's first extended play itunes session was released on 18 july 2014 ,		how many releases has jessica had ?		i do n't know .		when will the new album be released ?		when will jessica mauboy 's new album be released ?
jessica mauboy		2015-present : upcoming fourth studio album , the secret daughter and eurovision		what has jessica done the last few years ?		mauboy 's first extended play itunes session was released on 18 july 2014 ,		how many releases has jessica had ?		i do n't know .		when will the new album be released ?		on 11 december 2017 , mauboy was unveiled as the representative of australia for the 2018 eurovision song contest		what are jessica 's plans for the near future ?		what are jessica mauboy 's plans for the near future ?
jessica mauboy		2015-present : upcoming fourth studio album , the secret daughter and eurovision		what has jessica done the last few years ?		mauboy 's first extended play itunes session was released on 18 july 2014 ,		how many releases has jessica had ?		i do n't know .		when will the new album be released ?		on 11 december 2017 , mauboy was unveiled as the representative of australia for the 2018 eurovision song contest		what are jessica 's plans for the near future ?		i do n't know .		what is intriguing about jessica ?		what is intriguing about jessica mauboy ?
jessica mauboy		2015-present : upcoming fourth studio album , the secret daughter and eurovision		what has jessica done the last few years ?		mauboy 's first extended play itunes session was released on 18 july 2014 ,		how many releases has jessica had ?		i do n't know .		when will the new album be released ?		on 11 december 2017 , mauboy was unveiled as the representative of australia for the 2018 eurovision song contest		what are jessica 's plans for the near future ?		i do n't know .		what is intriguing about jessica ?		mauboy released her second studio album		what was the 2nd album called ?		what was jessica mauboy 's 2nd album called ?
jessica mauboy		2015-present : upcoming fourth studio album , the secret daughter and eurovision		what has jessica done the last few years ?		mauboy 's first extended play itunes session was released on 18 july 2014 ,		how many releases has jessica had ?		i do n't know .		when will the new album be released ?		on 11 december 2017 , mauboy was unveiled as the representative of australia for the 2018 eurovision song contest		what are jessica 's plans for the near future ?		i do n't know .		what is intriguing about jessica ?		mauboy released her second studio album		what was the 2nd album called ?		get ' em girls		does the public review her as a success ?		does the public review jessica mauboy as a success ?
jessica mauboy		2015-present : upcoming fourth studio album , the secret daughter and eurovision		what has jessica done the last few years ?		mauboy 's first extended play itunes session was released on 18 july 2014 ,		how many releases has jessica had ?		i do n't know .		when will the new album be released ?		on 11 december 2017 , mauboy was unveiled as the representative of australia for the 2018 eurovision song contest		what are jessica 's plans for the near future ?		i do n't know .		what is intriguing about jessica ?		mauboy released her second studio album		what was the 2nd album called ?		get ' em girls		does the public review her as a success ?		she was nominated for best female artist , best pop release for " gotcha " , and song of the year for " galaxy " .		did she win any of these awards ?		did jessica mauboy win best female artist , best pop release for " gotcha " , and song of the year for " galaxy " ? ?
super furry animals		2001 - 2003 : rings around the world and phantom power		what is a song from rings around the world ?		what is a song from rings around the world ?
super furry animals		2001 - 2003 : rings around the world and phantom power		what is a song from rings around the world ?		juxtapozed with u		what happened in 2001 ?		what happened in 2001 ?
super furry animals		2001 - 2003 : rings around the world and phantom power		what is a song from rings around the world ?		juxtapozed with u		what happened in 2001 ?		again the first single was a good indication of what was to come : " juxtapozed with u " , released in july 2001 ,		what happened in 2003		what happened in 2003
super furry animals		2001 - 2003 : rings around the world and phantom power		what is a song from rings around the world ?		juxtapozed with u		what happened in 2001 ?		again the first single was a good indication of what was to come : " juxtapozed with u " , released in july 2001 ,		what happened in 2003		" hello sunshine " , hit no . 31 in october 2003 and was eventually featured on the soundtrack of the o.c ..		any other hits ?		besides hello sunshine any other hits ?
super furry animals		2001 - 2003 : rings around the world and phantom power		what is a song from rings around the world ?		juxtapozed with u		what happened in 2001 ?		again the first single was a good indication of what was to come : " juxtapozed with u " , released in july 2001 ,		what happened in 2003		" hello sunshine " , hit no . 31 in october 2003 and was eventually featured on the soundtrack of the o.c ..		any other hits ?		the last single from guerrilla , " do or die " , was released and made no . 20 .		any other chart toppers ?		besides do or die any other chart toppers ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		college and early career		where did she go to college ?		where did onassis go to college ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		college and early career		where did she go to college ?		bouvier entered vassar college in poughkeepsie , new york .		what year did she go to college ?		what year did onassis go to college ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		college and early career		where did she go to college ?		bouvier entered vassar college in poughkeepsie , new york .		what year did she go to college ?		in the fall of 1947 ,		what did she study in college ?		what did onassis study in college ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		college and early career		where did she go to college ?		bouvier entered vassar college in poughkeepsie , new york .		what year did she go to college ?		in the fall of 1947 ,		what did she study in college ?		bachelor of arts		what was her first job out of college ?		what was onassis 's first job out of college ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		college and early career		where did she go to college ?		bouvier entered vassar college in poughkeepsie , new york .		what year did she go to college ?		in the fall of 1947 ,		what did she study in college ?		bachelor of arts		what was her first job out of college ?		bouvier won a twelve - month junior editorship at vogue magazine ;		was she a successful editor there ?		was onassis a successful editor there ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		college and early career		where did she go to college ?		bouvier entered vassar college in poughkeepsie , new york .		what year did she go to college ?		in the fall of 1947 ,		what did she study in college ?		bachelor of arts		what was her first job out of college ?		bouvier won a twelve - month junior editorship at vogue magazine ;		was she a successful editor there ?		on her first day at vogue , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to washington .		did she quit or did she stay on for her 12 month editorship ?		did onassis quit or did onassis stay on for her 12 month editorship ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		college and early career		where did she go to college ?		bouvier entered vassar college in poughkeepsie , new york .		what year did she go to college ?		in the fall of 1947 ,		what did she study in college ?		bachelor of arts		what was her first job out of college ?		bouvier won a twelve - month junior editorship at vogue magazine ;		was she a successful editor there ?		on her first day at vogue , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to washington .		did she quit or did she stay on for her 12 month editorship ?		bouvier followed the advice , left the job and returned to washington after only one day of work .		what was her next job ?		what was onassis 's next job ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		college and early career		where did she go to college ?		bouvier entered vassar college in poughkeepsie , new york .		what year did she go to college ?		in the fall of 1947 ,		what did she study in college ?		bachelor of arts		what was her first job out of college ?		bouvier won a twelve - month junior editorship at vogue magazine ;		was she a successful editor there ?		on her first day at vogue , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to washington .		did she quit or did she stay on for her 12 month editorship ?		bouvier followed the advice , left the job and returned to washington after only one day of work .		what was her next job ?		bouvier moved back to merrywood and was hired as a part - time receptionist at the washington times - herald .		how long did she have that job ?		how long did onassis work as part - time receptionist ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		college and early career		where did she go to college ?		bouvier entered vassar college in poughkeepsie , new york .		what year did she go to college ?		in the fall of 1947 ,		what did she study in college ?		bachelor of arts		what was her first job out of college ?		bouvier won a twelve - month junior editorship at vogue magazine ;		was she a successful editor there ?		on her first day at vogue , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to washington .		did she quit or did she stay on for her 12 month editorship ?		bouvier followed the advice , left the job and returned to washington after only one day of work .		what was her next job ?		bouvier moved back to merrywood and was hired as a part - time receptionist at the washington times - herald .		how long did she have that job ?		a week later , she approached editor frank waldrop and requested more challenging work ; she was given the position of " inquiring camera girl " ,		how long was she at the inquiring camera girl position ?		how long was onassis at the inquiring camera girl position ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		college and early career		where did she go to college ?		bouvier entered vassar college in poughkeepsie , new york .		what year did she go to college ?		in the fall of 1947 ,		what did she study in college ?		bachelor of arts		what was her first job out of college ?		bouvier won a twelve - month junior editorship at vogue magazine ;		was she a successful editor there ?		on her first day at vogue , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to washington .		did she quit or did she stay on for her 12 month editorship ?		bouvier followed the advice , left the job and returned to washington after only one day of work .		what was her next job ?		bouvier moved back to merrywood and was hired as a part - time receptionist at the washington times - herald .		how long did she have that job ?		a week later , she approached editor frank waldrop and requested more challenging work ; she was given the position of " inquiring camera girl " ,		how long was she at the inquiring camera girl position ?		i do n't know .		did she have any other interesting jobs early in her career ?		besides inquiring camera girl did onassis have any other interesting jobs early in her career ?
jacqueline kennedy onassis		college and early career		where did she go to college ?		bouvier entered vassar college in poughkeepsie , new york .		what year did she go to college ?		in the fall of 1947 ,		what did she study in college ?		bachelor of arts		what was her first job out of college ?		bouvier won a twelve - month junior editorship at vogue magazine ;		was she a successful editor there ?		on her first day at vogue , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to washington .		did she quit or did she stay on for her 12 month editorship ?		bouvier followed the advice , left the job and returned to washington after only one day of work .		what was her next job ?		bouvier moved back to merrywood and was hired as a part - time receptionist at the washington times - herald .		how long did she have that job ?		a week later , she approached editor frank waldrop and requested more challenging work ; she was given the position of " inquiring camera girl " ,		how long was she at the inquiring camera girl position ?		i do n't know .		did she have any other interesting jobs early in her career ?		the position required her to pose witty questions to individuals chosen at random on the street and take their pictures for publication in the newspaper		did she enjoy speaking to strangers ?		did onassis enjoy speaking to strangers ?
ban ki - moon		middle east		how did ki - moon affect the middle east ?		how did ki - moon affect the middle east ?
ban ki - moon		middle east		how did ki - moon affect the middle east ?		the aftermath of the libyan civil war and other events of the arab spring continued to command ban 's attention with the start of his second term .		what did he suggest ?		what did ki - moon suggest ?
ban ki - moon		middle east		how did ki - moon affect the middle east ?		the aftermath of the libyan civil war and other events of the arab spring continued to command ban 's attention with the start of his second term .		what did he suggest ?		ban commented , " many countries in the arab world including saudi arabia are changing . since the arab spring , the leaders have begun to listen to the voice of their people . "		what else did he say ?		along with " many countries in the arab world including saudi arabia are changing . since the arab spring , the leaders have begun to listen to the voice of their people . " what else did ki - moon say ?
ban ki - moon		middle east		how did ki - moon affect the middle east ?		the aftermath of the libyan civil war and other events of the arab spring continued to command ban 's attention with the start of his second term .		what did he suggest ?		ban commented , " many countries in the arab world including saudi arabia are changing . since the arab spring , the leaders have begun to listen to the voice of their people . "		what else did he say ?		ban has criticized saudi arabian - led intervention in yemen , saying : " grave violations against children increased dramatically as a result of the escalating conflict " .		did he support any position ?		did ki - moon support any position ?
ban ki - moon		middle east		how did ki - moon affect the middle east ?		the aftermath of the libyan civil war and other events of the arab spring continued to command ban 's attention with the start of his second term .		what did he suggest ?		ban commented , " many countries in the arab world including saudi arabia are changing . since the arab spring , the leaders have begun to listen to the voice of their people . "		what else did he say ?		ban has criticized saudi arabian - led intervention in yemen , saying : " grave violations against children increased dramatically as a result of the escalating conflict " .		did he support any position ?		he later admitted that saudi arabia threatened to cut palestinian aid and funds to other un programs if coalition was not removed from blacklist for killing children in yemen .		what did the un do about saudi arabia ?		what did the un do about saudi arabia ?
ban ki - moon		middle east		how did ki - moon affect the middle east ?		the aftermath of the libyan civil war and other events of the arab spring continued to command ban 's attention with the start of his second term .		what did he suggest ?		ban commented , " many countries in the arab world including saudi arabia are changing . since the arab spring , the leaders have begun to listen to the voice of their people . "		what else did he say ?		ban has criticized saudi arabian - led intervention in yemen , saying : " grave violations against children increased dramatically as a result of the escalating conflict " .		did he support any position ?		he later admitted that saudi arabia threatened to cut palestinian aid and funds to other un programs if coalition was not removed from blacklist for killing children in yemen .		what did the un do about saudi arabia ?		he later admitted that saudi arabia threatened to cut palestinian aid and funds to other un programs if coalition was not removed from blacklist for killing children in yemen .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to ki - moon criticizing saudi arabia are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
ban ki - moon		middle east		how did ki - moon affect the middle east ?		the aftermath of the libyan civil war and other events of the arab spring continued to command ban 's attention with the start of his second term .		what did he suggest ?		ban commented , " many countries in the arab world including saudi arabia are changing . since the arab spring , the leaders have begun to listen to the voice of their people . "		what else did he say ?		ban has criticized saudi arabian - led intervention in yemen , saying : " grave violations against children increased dramatically as a result of the escalating conflict " .		did he support any position ?		he later admitted that saudi arabia threatened to cut palestinian aid and funds to other un programs if coalition was not removed from blacklist for killing children in yemen .		what did the un do about saudi arabia ?		he later admitted that saudi arabia threatened to cut palestinian aid and funds to other un programs if coalition was not removed from blacklist for killing children in yemen .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		ban ki - moon admitted that the un was biased against israel , stating in a meeting with israeli students that there was a biased attitude towards the israeli people		did he change the bias of the un towards israel ?		did ki - moon change the bias of the un towards israel ?
ban ki - moon		middle east		how did ki - moon affect the middle east ?		the aftermath of the libyan civil war and other events of the arab spring continued to command ban 's attention with the start of his second term .		what did he suggest ?		ban commented , " many countries in the arab world including saudi arabia are changing . since the arab spring , the leaders have begun to listen to the voice of their people . "		what else did he say ?		ban has criticized saudi arabian - led intervention in yemen , saying : " grave violations against children increased dramatically as a result of the escalating conflict " .		did he support any position ?		he later admitted that saudi arabia threatened to cut palestinian aid and funds to other un programs if coalition was not removed from blacklist for killing children in yemen .		what did the un do about saudi arabia ?		he later admitted that saudi arabia threatened to cut palestinian aid and funds to other un programs if coalition was not removed from blacklist for killing children in yemen .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		ban ki - moon admitted that the un was biased against israel , stating in a meeting with israeli students that there was a biased attitude towards the israeli people		did he change the bias of the un towards israel ?		during an interview on 16 december 2016 , ban said that the un has issued a " disproportionate volume of resolutions , reports and conferences criticizing israel . "		did he have any other interesting foreign policies ?		aside from saudi arabia threatening to cut palestinian aid did ki - moon have any other interesting foreign policies ?
ban ki - moon		family		who were ban 's family ?		who were ban ki - moon 's family ?
ban ki - moon		family		who were ban 's family ?		ban ki - moon married yoo soon - taek in 1971 .		did they have children		did ban ki - moon and yoon soon - taek have children
ban ki - moon		family		who were ban 's family ?		ban ki - moon married yoo soon - taek in 1971 .		did they have children		they have three adult children : two daughters and a son .		what were their names		what were ban ki - moon and yoon soon - taek 's childrens names
ban ki - moon		family		who were ban 's family ?		ban ki - moon married yoo soon - taek in 1971 .		did they have children		they have three adult children : two daughters and a son .		what were their names		his elder daughter , seon - yong ,		did the children marry ?		did seon - yong , child of ban ki - moon marry ?
ban ki - moon		family		who were ban 's family ?		ban ki - moon married yoo soon - taek in 1971 .		did they have children		they have three adult children : two daughters and a son .		what were their names		his elder daughter , seon - yong ,		did the children marry ?		her spouse is a native of india .		what other family members does ban have ?		besides seon - yong , what other family members does ban ki - moon have ?
ban ki - moon		family		who were ban 's family ?		ban ki - moon married yoo soon - taek in 1971 .		did they have children		they have three adult children : two daughters and a son .		what were their names		his elder daughter , seon - yong ,		did the children marry ?		her spouse is a native of india .		what other family members does ban have ?		ban 's brother ban ki - sang and nephew bahn joo - hyun have been indicted on u.s. charges		why did they have charges		why did ban ki - moon 's brother ban ki - sang and nephew bahn joo - hyun have charges against them in the u.s ?
ban ki - moon		family		who were ban 's family ?		ban ki - moon married yoo soon - taek in 1971 .		did they have children		they have three adult children : two daughters and a son .		what were their names		his elder daughter , seon - yong ,		did the children marry ?		her spouse is a native of india .		what other family members does ban have ?		ban 's brother ban ki - sang and nephew bahn joo - hyun have been indicted on u.s. charges		why did they have charges		they engaged in a scheme to bribe a middle eastern official in connection with the attempted $ 800 million sale of a building complex in vietnam .		is there anything else interesting about his family ?		besides engaging in a bribery scheme , is there anything else interesting about ban ki - moon 's family ?
ban ki - moon		family		who were ban 's family ?		ban ki - moon married yoo soon - taek in 1971 .		did they have children		they have three adult children : two daughters and a son .		what were their names		his elder daughter , seon - yong ,		did the children marry ?		her spouse is a native of india .		what other family members does ban have ?		ban 's brother ban ki - sang and nephew bahn joo - hyun have been indicted on u.s. charges		why did they have charges		they engaged in a scheme to bribe a middle eastern official in connection with the attempted $ 800 million sale of a building complex in vietnam .		is there anything else interesting about his family ?		after his election as secretary - general , ban became an icon in his hometown , where his extended family still resides .		where was his hometown		where was ban ki - moon 's hometown ?
augusto pinochet		death		what events lead to his death ?		what events lead to augusto pinochet 's death ?
augusto pinochet		death		what events lead to his death ?		pinochet suffered a heart attack		what happened before the heart attack ?		what happened before augusto pinochet 's heart attack ?
augusto pinochet		death		what events lead to his death ?		pinochet suffered a heart attack		what happened before the heart attack ?		i do n't know .		did he have other ailments ?		other than a heart attack did augusto pinochet have any other ailments ?
augusto pinochet		death		what events lead to his death ?		pinochet suffered a heart attack		what happened before the heart attack ?		i do n't know .		did he have other ailments ?		pulmonary edema ,		when he died ?		when did augusto pinochet die ?
augusto pinochet		death		what events lead to his death ?		pinochet suffered a heart attack		what happened before the heart attack ?		i do n't know .		did he have other ailments ?		pulmonary edema ,		when he died ?		14:15 local time		where did he die ?		where did augusto pinochet die ?
augusto pinochet		death		what events lead to his death ?		pinochet suffered a heart attack		what happened before the heart attack ?		i do n't know .		did he have other ailments ?		pulmonary edema ,		when he died ?		14:15 local time		where did he die ?		military hospital		what was the aftermath of his death ?		what was the aftermath of augusto pinochet 's death ?
augusto pinochet		death		what events lead to his death ?		pinochet suffered a heart attack		what happened before the heart attack ?		i do n't know .		did he have other ailments ?		pulmonary edema ,		when he died ?		14:15 local time		where did he die ?		military hospital		what was the aftermath of his death ?		massive spontaneous street demonstrations broke out throughout the country		what were the demands of the demonstrators ?		after augusto pinochet 's death what were the demands of the demonstrators ?
augusto pinochet		death		what events lead to his death ?		pinochet suffered a heart attack		what happened before the heart attack ?		i do n't know .		did he have other ailments ?		pulmonary edema ,		when he died ?		14:15 local time		where did he die ?		military hospital		what was the aftermath of his death ?		massive spontaneous street demonstrations broke out throughout the country		what were the demands of the demonstrators ?		i do n't know .		did his death cause other issues ?		did augusto pinochet 's death cause any other issues besides the demonstrations ?
augusto pinochet		death		what events lead to his death ?		pinochet suffered a heart attack		what happened before the heart attack ?		i do n't know .		did he have other ailments ?		pulmonary edema ,		when he died ?		14:15 local time		where did he die ?		military hospital		what was the aftermath of his death ?		massive spontaneous street demonstrations broke out throughout the country		what were the demands of the demonstrators ?		i do n't know .		did his death cause other issues ?		francisco cuadrado prats -- the grandson of carlos prats ( a former commander - in - chief of the army in the allende government who was murdered by pinochet 's secret police)--spat on the coffin ,		how others reacted to these events ?		how did others react to the events surrounding augusto pinochet 's death ?
augusto pinochet		death		what events lead to his death ?		pinochet suffered a heart attack		what happened before the heart attack ?		i do n't know .		did he have other ailments ?		pulmonary edema ,		when he died ?		14:15 local time		where did he die ?		military hospital		what was the aftermath of his death ?		massive spontaneous street demonstrations broke out throughout the country		what were the demands of the demonstrators ?		i do n't know .		did his death cause other issues ?		francisco cuadrado prats -- the grandson of carlos prats ( a former commander - in - chief of the army in the allende government who was murdered by pinochet 's secret police)--spat on the coffin ,		how others reacted to these events ?		quickly surrounded by supporters of pinochet , who kicked and insulted him .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than demonstrators and francisco cuadrado prats ' actions at the funeral , are there any other interesting aspects about this article on the death of augusto pinochet ?
augusto pinochet		death		what events lead to his death ?		pinochet suffered a heart attack		what happened before the heart attack ?		i do n't know .		did he have other ailments ?		pulmonary edema ,		when he died ?		14:15 local time		where did he die ?		military hospital		what was the aftermath of his death ?		massive spontaneous street demonstrations broke out throughout the country		what were the demands of the demonstrators ?		i do n't know .		did his death cause other issues ?		francisco cuadrado prats -- the grandson of carlos prats ( a former commander - in - chief of the army in the allende government who was murdered by pinochet 's secret police)--spat on the coffin ,		how others reacted to these events ?		quickly surrounded by supporters of pinochet , who kicked and insulted him .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in a government decision , he was not granted a state funeral		how press and people saw all these ?		how did the press and people see all the events surrounding the death of augusto pinochet ?
augusto pinochet		death		what events lead to his death ?		pinochet suffered a heart attack		what happened before the heart attack ?		i do n't know .		did he have other ailments ?		pulmonary edema ,		when he died ?		14:15 local time		where did he die ?		military hospital		what was the aftermath of his death ?		massive spontaneous street demonstrations broke out throughout the country		what were the demands of the demonstrators ?		i do n't know .		did his death cause other issues ?		francisco cuadrado prats -- the grandson of carlos prats ( a former commander - in - chief of the army in the allende government who was murdered by pinochet 's secret police)--spat on the coffin ,		how others reacted to these events ?		quickly surrounded by supporters of pinochet , who kicked and insulted him .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in a government decision , he was not granted a state funeral		how press and people saw all these ?		i do n't know .		how his death affected his country ?		how has augusto pinochet 's death affected his country ?
michael phelps		london		what took place in london ?		what did michael phelps do which took place in london ?
michael phelps		london		what took place in london ?		on july 28 , 2012 , phelps placed eighth in the morning prelims for the 400-meter individual medley .		what did he place after that ?		what did michael phelps place after placing eighth in the morning prelims for the 400-meter individual medley ?
michael phelps		london		what took place in london ?		on july 28 , 2012 , phelps placed eighth in the morning prelims for the 400-meter individual medley .		what did he place after that ?		phelps , the two - time defending olympic champion , won his heat in 4 minutes ,		was this a record breaking time ?		was michael phelps time in london a record breaking time ?
michael phelps		london		what took place in london ?		on july 28 , 2012 , phelps placed eighth in the morning prelims for the 400-meter individual medley .		what did he place after that ?		phelps , the two - time defending olympic champion , won his heat in 4 minutes ,		was this a record breaking time ?		13.33 seconds with a time that was well off his world record of 4:03.84 set four years ago in beijing , when phelps won a record eight gold medals .		who were other competitors in this competition ?		besides michael phelps , who were other competitors in the london olympics ?
michael phelps		london		what took place in london ?		on july 28 , 2012 , phelps placed eighth in the morning prelims for the 400-meter individual medley .		what did he place after that ?		phelps , the two - time defending olympic champion , won his heat in 4 minutes ,		was this a record breaking time ?		13.33 seconds with a time that was well off his world record of 4:03.84 set four years ago in beijing , when phelps won a record eight gold medals .		who were other competitors in this competition ?		he out - touched laszlo cseh by 0.07 seconds in his heat to qualify last for the final ,		was this competition at the olympics ?		was michael phelps london competition at the olympics ?
michael phelps		london		what took place in london ?		on july 28 , 2012 , phelps placed eighth in the morning prelims for the 400-meter individual medley .		what did he place after that ?		phelps , the two - time defending olympic champion , won his heat in 4 minutes ,		was this a record breaking time ?		13.33 seconds with a time that was well off his world record of 4:03.84 set four years ago in beijing , when phelps won a record eight gold medals .		who were other competitors in this competition ?		he out - touched laszlo cseh by 0.07 seconds in his heat to qualify last for the final ,		was this competition at the olympics ?		in his first finals of the summer olympics ,		what other events did he participate in during this olympics ?		aside from the 400 meter medley , what other events did michael phelps participate in ?
michael phelps		london		what took place in london ?		on july 28 , 2012 , phelps placed eighth in the morning prelims for the 400-meter individual medley .		what did he place after that ?		phelps , the two - time defending olympic champion , won his heat in 4 minutes ,		was this a record breaking time ?		13.33 seconds with a time that was well off his world record of 4:03.84 set four years ago in beijing , when phelps won a record eight gold medals .		who were other competitors in this competition ?		he out - touched laszlo cseh by 0.07 seconds in his heat to qualify last for the final ,		was this competition at the olympics ?		in his first finals of the summer olympics ,		what other events did he participate in during this olympics ?		the next night , in his second event of the games , he got a silver as a member of the 4x100-meter free relay .		who took gold in that relay ?		since michael phelps did n't , who took the gold medal in the relay in london ?
michael phelps		london		what took place in london ?		on july 28 , 2012 , phelps placed eighth in the morning prelims for the 400-meter individual medley .		what did he place after that ?		phelps , the two - time defending olympic champion , won his heat in 4 minutes ,		was this a record breaking time ?		13.33 seconds with a time that was well off his world record of 4:03.84 set four years ago in beijing , when phelps won a record eight gold medals .		who were other competitors in this competition ?		he out - touched laszlo cseh by 0.07 seconds in his heat to qualify last for the final ,		was this competition at the olympics ?		in his first finals of the summer olympics ,		what other events did he participate in during this olympics ?		the next night , in his second event of the games , he got a silver as a member of the 4x100-meter free relay .		who took gold in that relay ?		i do n't know .		was he in any other events ?		besides the 400 meter , was michaels phelps in any other events in london ?
michael phelps		london		what took place in london ?		on july 28 , 2012 , phelps placed eighth in the morning prelims for the 400-meter individual medley .		what did he place after that ?		phelps , the two - time defending olympic champion , won his heat in 4 minutes ,		was this a record breaking time ?		13.33 seconds with a time that was well off his world record of 4:03.84 set four years ago in beijing , when phelps won a record eight gold medals .		who were other competitors in this competition ?		he out - touched laszlo cseh by 0.07 seconds in his heat to qualify last for the final ,		was this competition at the olympics ?		in his first finals of the summer olympics ,		what other events did he participate in during this olympics ?		the next night , in his second event of the games , he got a silver as a member of the 4x100-meter free relay .		who took gold in that relay ?		i do n't know .		was he in any other events ?		on july 31 , 2012 , phelps won a silver medal in the 200-meter butterfly		is there any mention of who he competed against in that ?		is there any mention of who michael phelps competed against in the 200-meter butterfly ?
michael phelps		london		what took place in london ?		on july 28 , 2012 , phelps placed eighth in the morning prelims for the 400-meter individual medley .		what did he place after that ?		phelps , the two - time defending olympic champion , won his heat in 4 minutes ,		was this a record breaking time ?		13.33 seconds with a time that was well off his world record of 4:03.84 set four years ago in beijing , when phelps won a record eight gold medals .		who were other competitors in this competition ?		he out - touched laszlo cseh by 0.07 seconds in his heat to qualify last for the final ,		was this competition at the olympics ?		in his first finals of the summer olympics ,		what other events did he participate in during this olympics ?		the next night , in his second event of the games , he got a silver as a member of the 4x100-meter free relay .		who took gold in that relay ?		i do n't know .		was he in any other events ?		on july 31 , 2012 , phelps won a silver medal in the 200-meter butterfly		is there any mention of who he competed against in that ?		south african chad le clos by 5/100ths of a second ,		is there anything else notable from the london olympics ?		besides michaels phelps races , is there anything else notable from the london olympics ?
michael phelps		seventh gold medal		what event did phelps do to win his seventh gold metal ?		what event did michael phelps win to get his seventh gold medal ?
michael phelps		seventh gold medal		what event did phelps do to win his seventh gold metal ?		the men 's 100-meter butterfly ,		who did he beat in that race ?		who did phelps beat in the men 's 100-meter butterfly race ?
michael phelps		seventh gold medal		what event did phelps do to win his seventh gold metal ?		the men 's 100-meter butterfly ,		who did he beat in that race ?		us born serbian swimmer milorad cavic		was there any other swimmers mentioned that he beat ?		other than milorad cavic , was there any other swimmers mentioned which phelps beat ?
michael phelps		seventh gold medal		what event did phelps do to win his seventh gold metal ?		the men 's 100-meter butterfly ,		who did he beat in that race ?		us born serbian swimmer milorad cavic		was there any other swimmers mentioned that he beat ?		i do n't know .		what other interesting fact can you tell me about that race ?		besides beating milorad cavic , what other interesting facts can you tell me about the men 's 100-meter butterfly race that phelps won ?
michael phelps		seventh gold medal		what event did phelps do to win his seventh gold metal ?		the men 's 100-meter butterfly ,		who did he beat in that race ?		us born serbian swimmer milorad cavic		was there any other swimmers mentioned that he beat ?		i do n't know .		what other interesting fact can you tell me about that race ?		phelps 's seventh gold medal of the games tied mark spitz 's record for gold medals won in a single olympic games ,		how did he feel about that ?		how did phelps feel about winning his seventh medal and tying mark spitz record for gold medals ?
michael phelps		seventh gold medal		what event did phelps do to win his seventh gold metal ?		the men 's 100-meter butterfly ,		who did he beat in that race ?		us born serbian swimmer milorad cavic		was there any other swimmers mentioned that he beat ?		i do n't know .		what other interesting fact can you tell me about that race ?		phelps 's seventh gold medal of the games tied mark spitz 's record for gold medals won in a single olympic games ,		how did he feel about that ?		" dream as big as you can dream , and anything is possible ...		what other significant facts can you tell me about that race that you found interesting ?		other than beating milorad cavic and winning his seventh medal , what other significant facts can you tell me about that race that you found interesting ?
michael phelps		seventh gold medal		what event did phelps do to win his seventh gold metal ?		the men 's 100-meter butterfly ,		who did he beat in that race ?		us born serbian swimmer milorad cavic		was there any other swimmers mentioned that he beat ?		i do n't know .		what other interesting fact can you tell me about that race ?		phelps 's seventh gold medal of the games tied mark spitz 's record for gold medals won in a single olympic games ,		how did he feel about that ?		" dream as big as you can dream , and anything is possible ...		what other significant facts can you tell me about that race that you found interesting ?		phelps 's 0.01-second finish ahead of cavic prompted the serbian delegation to file a protest .		why did they file a protest ?		why did the serbian delegation file a protest after phelp 's 0.01-second finish ahead of cavic ?
michael phelps		seventh gold medal		what event did phelps do to win his seventh gold metal ?		the men 's 100-meter butterfly ,		who did he beat in that race ?		us born serbian swimmer milorad cavic		was there any other swimmers mentioned that he beat ?		i do n't know .		what other interesting fact can you tell me about that race ?		phelps 's seventh gold medal of the games tied mark spitz 's record for gold medals won in a single olympic games ,		how did he feel about that ?		" dream as big as you can dream , and anything is possible ...		what other significant facts can you tell me about that race that you found interesting ?		phelps 's 0.01-second finish ahead of cavic prompted the serbian delegation to file a protest .		why did they file a protest ?		edging out his nearest competitor cavic , by one hundredth ( 0.01 ) of a second .		what happened with the protest ?		what happened with the protest of phelp 's 0.01-second finish ahead of cavic ?
michael phelps		seventh gold medal		what event did phelps do to win his seventh gold metal ?		the men 's 100-meter butterfly ,		who did he beat in that race ?		us born serbian swimmer milorad cavic		was there any other swimmers mentioned that he beat ?		i do n't know .		what other interesting fact can you tell me about that race ?		phelps 's seventh gold medal of the games tied mark spitz 's record for gold medals won in a single olympic games ,		how did he feel about that ?		" dream as big as you can dream , and anything is possible ...		what other significant facts can you tell me about that race that you found interesting ?		phelps 's 0.01-second finish ahead of cavic prompted the serbian delegation to file a protest .		why did they file a protest ?		edging out his nearest competitor cavic , by one hundredth ( 0.01 ) of a second .		what happened with the protest ?		subsequent analysis of the video by the fina panel ,		what was the verdict of the analysis ?		what was the verdict of the analysis by the fina panel of phelp 's 0.01-second finish ahead of cavic ?
michael phelps		seventh gold medal		what event did phelps do to win his seventh gold metal ?		the men 's 100-meter butterfly ,		who did he beat in that race ?		us born serbian swimmer milorad cavic		was there any other swimmers mentioned that he beat ?		i do n't know .		what other interesting fact can you tell me about that race ?		phelps 's seventh gold medal of the games tied mark spitz 's record for gold medals won in a single olympic games ,		how did he feel about that ?		" dream as big as you can dream , and anything is possible ...		what other significant facts can you tell me about that race that you found interesting ?		phelps 's 0.01-second finish ahead of cavic prompted the serbian delegation to file a protest .		why did they file a protest ?		edging out his nearest competitor cavic , by one hundredth ( 0.01 ) of a second .		what happened with the protest ?		subsequent analysis of the video by the fina panel ,		what was the verdict of the analysis ?		was used to officially confirm phelps 's victory ,		how did the losing member feel about that verdict ?		how did the losing member feel about the verdict that phelp 's victory was confirmed ?
stephen sondheim		early broadway success		what was the first show sondheim wrote that was produced on broadway ?		what was the first show sondheim wrote that was produced on broadway ?
stephen sondheim		early broadway success		what was the first show sondheim wrote that was produced on broadway ?		romeo and juliet		did he write the music , the lyrics , or both ?		did sondheim write the music , the lyrics , or both for his first show that was produced on broadway ?
stephen sondheim		early broadway success		what was the first show sondheim wrote that was produced on broadway ?		romeo and juliet		did he write the music , the lyrics , or both ?		supposed to write the lyrics ,		he was supposed to write the lyrics -- what happened ?		sondheim was supposed to write the lyrics for his first show that was produced on broadway -- what happened ?
stephen sondheim		early broadway success		what was the first show sondheim wrote that was produced on broadway ?		romeo and juliet		did he write the music , the lyrics , or both ?		supposed to write the lyrics ,		he was supposed to write the lyrics -- what happened ?		he was not a big fan of sondheim 's music , he enjoyed the lyrics		who was not a fan of sondheim 's music ?		who was not a fan of sondheim 's music ?
stephen sondheim		early broadway success		what was the first show sondheim wrote that was produced on broadway ?		romeo and juliet		did he write the music , the lyrics , or both ?		supposed to write the lyrics ,		he was supposed to write the lyrics -- what happened ?		he was not a big fan of sondheim 's music , he enjoyed the lyrics		who was not a fan of sondheim 's music ?		i do n't know .		what year was romeo and juliet produced ?		what year was romeo and juliet produced ?
the rolling stones		1978 - 1982 : commercial peak		what music did they make		what music did the rolling stones make
the rolling stones		1978 - 1982 : commercial peak		what music did they make		guitar - driven rock and roll ,		name one song ?		name one rolling stones song ?
the rolling stones		1978 - 1982 : commercial peak		what music did they make		guitar - driven rock and roll ,		name one song ?		miss you		any other songs ?		any other songs from the rolling stones aside from " miss you " ?
the rolling stones		1978 - 1982 : commercial peak		what music did they make		guitar - driven rock and roll ,		name one song ?		miss you		any other songs ?		" far away eyes " , " beast of burden " , and " shattered " .		who was members of the group		who were members of the rolling stones ?
the rolling stones		1978 - 1982 : commercial peak		what music did they make		guitar - driven rock and roll ,		name one song ?		miss you		any other songs ?		" far away eyes " , " beast of burden " , and " shattered " .		who was members of the group		jagger and richards		what else was interesting in this article		what else was interesting in this article besides the rolling stones songs and the names of the group members ?
the rolling stones		1978 - 1982 : commercial peak		what music did they make		guitar - driven rock and roll ,		name one song ?		miss you		any other songs ?		" far away eyes " , " beast of burden " , and " shattered " .		who was members of the group		jagger and richards		what else was interesting in this article		the rolling stones scored one more top 20 hit on the billboard hot 100 in 1982 , the no . 20 hit " hang fire " .		what happen after the billboard		what happen after the rolling stones last billboard top 20 hit ?
freaks		reception		how was this film received ?		how was the movie called freaks received ?
freaks		reception		how was this film received ?		despite the extensive cuts , the film was still negatively received by audiences , recording a loss of $ 164,000 , and remained an object of extreme controversy .		what did people not like about it ?		what did people not like about the movie freaks ?
freaks		reception		how was this film received ?		despite the extensive cuts , the film was still negatively received by audiences , recording a loss of $ 164,000 , and remained an object of extreme controversy .		what did people not like about it ?		" any one who considers this entertainment should be placed in the pathological ward in some hospital . "		was there any specific thing about the film that people did n't like ?		was there any specific thing about the film freaks that people did n't like ?
freaks		reception		how was this film received ?		despite the extensive cuts , the film was still negatively received by audiences , recording a loss of $ 164,000 , and remained an object of extreme controversy .		what did people not like about it ?		" any one who considers this entertainment should be placed in the pathological ward in some hospital . "		was there any specific thing about the film that people did n't like ?		because the film was thought to be overly exploitative ,		who did the film exploit ?		who did the film freaks exploit ?
freaks		reception		how was this film received ?		despite the extensive cuts , the film was still negatively received by audiences , recording a loss of $ 164,000 , and remained an object of extreme controversy .		what did people not like about it ?		" any one who considers this entertainment should be placed in the pathological ward in some hospital . "		was there any specific thing about the film that people did n't like ?		because the film was thought to be overly exploitative ,		who did the film exploit ?		i do n't know .		what else did critics have to say ?		what else did critics have to say about the movie freaks , besides being thought to be overly exploitative ?
freaks		reception		how was this film received ?		despite the extensive cuts , the film was still negatively received by audiences , recording a loss of $ 164,000 , and remained an object of extreme controversy .		what did people not like about it ?		" any one who considers this entertainment should be placed in the pathological ward in some hospital . "		was there any specific thing about the film that people did n't like ?		because the film was thought to be overly exploitative ,		who did the film exploit ?		i do n't know .		what else did critics have to say ?		harrison 's reports wrote that " any one who considers this entertainment should be placed in the pathological ward in some hospital . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article about the film freaks , besides that the film recorded a loss of $ 164,000 ?
freaks		reception		how was this film received ?		despite the extensive cuts , the film was still negatively received by audiences , recording a loss of $ 164,000 , and remained an object of extreme controversy .		what did people not like about it ?		" any one who considers this entertainment should be placed in the pathological ward in some hospital . "		was there any specific thing about the film that people did n't like ?		because the film was thought to be overly exploitative ,		who did the film exploit ?		i do n't know .		what else did critics have to say ?		harrison 's reports wrote that " any one who considers this entertainment should be placed in the pathological ward in some hospital . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		variety also published a negative review , writing that the film was " sumptuously produced , admirably directed , and no cost was spared ,		what was the cost of the film to produce ?		what was the cost of the film to produce freaks ?
freaks		reception		how was this film received ?		despite the extensive cuts , the film was still negatively received by audiences , recording a loss of $ 164,000 , and remained an object of extreme controversy .		what did people not like about it ?		" any one who considers this entertainment should be placed in the pathological ward in some hospital . "		was there any specific thing about the film that people did n't like ?		because the film was thought to be overly exploitative ,		who did the film exploit ?		i do n't know .		what else did critics have to say ?		harrison 's reports wrote that " any one who considers this entertainment should be placed in the pathological ward in some hospital . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		variety also published a negative review , writing that the film was " sumptuously produced , admirably directed , and no cost was spared ,		what was the cost of the film to produce ?		i do n't know .		did anyone like the film ?		did anyone like the film freaks ?
freaks		reception		how was this film received ?		despite the extensive cuts , the film was still negatively received by audiences , recording a loss of $ 164,000 , and remained an object of extreme controversy .		what did people not like about it ?		" any one who considers this entertainment should be placed in the pathological ward in some hospital . "		was there any specific thing about the film that people did n't like ?		because the film was thought to be overly exploitative ,		who did the film exploit ?		i do n't know .		what else did critics have to say ?		harrison 's reports wrote that " any one who considers this entertainment should be placed in the pathological ward in some hospital . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		variety also published a negative review , writing that the film was " sumptuously produced , admirably directed , and no cost was spared ,		what was the cost of the film to produce ?		i do n't know .		did anyone like the film ?		john mosher of the new yorker wrote a positive review , calling it " a little gem "		why did he consider it a little gem ?		why did john mosher consider freaks to be a little gem ?
freaks		reception		how was this film received ?		despite the extensive cuts , the film was still negatively received by audiences , recording a loss of $ 164,000 , and remained an object of extreme controversy .		what did people not like about it ?		" any one who considers this entertainment should be placed in the pathological ward in some hospital . "		was there any specific thing about the film that people did n't like ?		because the film was thought to be overly exploitative ,		who did the film exploit ?		i do n't know .		what else did critics have to say ?		harrison 's reports wrote that " any one who considers this entertainment should be placed in the pathological ward in some hospital . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		variety also published a negative review , writing that the film was " sumptuously produced , admirably directed , and no cost was spared ,		what was the cost of the film to produce ?		i do n't know .		did anyone like the film ?		john mosher of the new yorker wrote a positive review , calling it " a little gem "		why did he consider it a little gem ?		" perfectly plausible story " a key to the effectiveness of its horror , writing that " it 's a chilling notion to imagine these weird beings ,		did he like anything else about the film ?		did john mosher of the new yorker like anything else about the movie freaks , along with calling it a perfectly plausible story ?
freaks		reception		how was this film received ?		despite the extensive cuts , the film was still negatively received by audiences , recording a loss of $ 164,000 , and remained an object of extreme controversy .		what did people not like about it ?		" any one who considers this entertainment should be placed in the pathological ward in some hospital . "		was there any specific thing about the film that people did n't like ?		because the film was thought to be overly exploitative ,		who did the film exploit ?		i do n't know .		what else did critics have to say ?		harrison 's reports wrote that " any one who considers this entertainment should be placed in the pathological ward in some hospital . "		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		variety also published a negative review , writing that the film was " sumptuously produced , admirably directed , and no cost was spared ,		what was the cost of the film to produce ?		i do n't know .		did anyone like the film ?		john mosher of the new yorker wrote a positive review , calling it " a little gem "		why did he consider it a little gem ?		" perfectly plausible story " a key to the effectiveness of its horror , writing that " it 's a chilling notion to imagine these weird beings ,		did he like anything else about the film ?		" it 's a chilling notion to imagine these weird beings , with their own lives and vanities and passions , all allied in a bitter enmity against us . "		was he the only one who liked the film ?		was john mosher the only one who liked the film called freaks ?
pedro martnez		after retirement		what did pedro martinez do after he retired from baseball ?		what else has pedro martinez done after he retired from baseball ?
pedro martnez		after retirement		what did pedro martinez do after he retired from baseball ?		martinez joined the boston red sox as a special assistant to general manager ben cherington .		did martinez do anything else after he retired from baseball ?		what else did martinez do other than retire from baseball ?
pedro martnez		after retirement		what did pedro martinez do after he retired from baseball ?		martinez joined the boston red sox as a special assistant to general manager ben cherington .		did martinez do anything else after he retired from baseball ?		in 2015 , martinez was hired by the mlb network as a studio analyst		how long was pedro martinez with the boston red sox ?		how long did pedro martinez play with the boston red sox ?
pedro martnez		after retirement		what did pedro martinez do after he retired from baseball ?		martinez joined the boston red sox as a special assistant to general manager ben cherington .		did martinez do anything else after he retired from baseball ?		in 2015 , martinez was hired by the mlb network as a studio analyst		how long was pedro martinez with the boston red sox ?		i do n't know .		when did pedro martinez retire from baseball ?		when did pedro martinez retire from baseball ?
pedro martnez		after retirement		what did pedro martinez do after he retired from baseball ?		martinez joined the boston red sox as a special assistant to general manager ben cherington .		did martinez do anything else after he retired from baseball ?		in 2015 , martinez was hired by the mlb network as a studio analyst		how long was pedro martinez with the boston red sox ?		i do n't know .		when did pedro martinez retire from baseball ?		i do n't know .		what else is important to know about pedro martinez after he retired from baseball ?		in addition to pedro martinez retiring from baseball , what else is important to know about him ?
pedro martnez		after retirement		what did pedro martinez do after he retired from baseball ?		martinez joined the boston red sox as a special assistant to general manager ben cherington .		did martinez do anything else after he retired from baseball ?		in 2015 , martinez was hired by the mlb network as a studio analyst		how long was pedro martinez with the boston red sox ?		i do n't know .		when did pedro martinez retire from baseball ?		i do n't know .		what else is important to know about pedro martinez after he retired from baseball ?		martinez was elected to the national baseball hall of fame in january 2015 with 91.1 % of the votes .		is there any other information about pedro martinez and the hall of fame ?		is there any other information about pedro martinez together with the hall of fame ?
pedro martnez		after retirement		what did pedro martinez do after he retired from baseball ?		martinez joined the boston red sox as a special assistant to general manager ben cherington .		did martinez do anything else after he retired from baseball ?		in 2015 , martinez was hired by the mlb network as a studio analyst		how long was pedro martinez with the boston red sox ?		i do n't know .		when did pedro martinez retire from baseball ?		i do n't know .		what else is important to know about pedro martinez after he retired from baseball ?		martinez was elected to the national baseball hall of fame in january 2015 with 91.1 % of the votes .		is there any other information about pedro martinez and the hall of fame ?		his hall of fame plaque will have the cap of the boston red sox . "		did pedro martinez make it into the hall of fame on the first try ?		did pedro martinez get into the hall of fame on the first try ?
ned kelly		rise to notoriety		how did he gain his fame ?		how did kelly gain his fame ?
ned kelly		rise to notoriety		how did he gain his fame ?		15 october 1869 at the age of 14 when he was charged with the assault and robbery of ah fook , a pig and fowl trader of chinese descent from bright .		did he continue a life of crime after age 14 ?		did kelly continue a life of crime after age 14 ?
ned kelly		rise to notoriety		how did he gain his fame ?		15 october 1869 at the age of 14 when he was charged with the assault and robbery of ah fook , a pig and fowl trader of chinese descent from bright .		did he continue a life of crime after age 14 ?		fook described 14-year - old kelly as being aged around 20 years .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from been charged at the age of 14 with the assault and robbery of ah fook , a pig and fowl trader of chinese descent from bright are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
ned kelly		rise to notoriety		how did he gain his fame ?		15 october 1869 at the age of 14 when he was charged with the assault and robbery of ah fook , a pig and fowl trader of chinese descent from bright .		did he continue a life of crime after age 14 ?		fook described 14-year - old kelly as being aged around 20 years .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he abused annie for not giving him rain water , and kelly came outside and pushed him .		who is annie ?		who is annie ?
ned kelly		rise to notoriety		how did he gain his fame ?		15 october 1869 at the age of 14 when he was charged with the assault and robbery of ah fook , a pig and fowl trader of chinese descent from bright .		did he continue a life of crime after age 14 ?		fook described 14-year - old kelly as being aged around 20 years .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he abused annie for not giving him rain water , and kelly came outside and pushed him .		who is annie ?		his sister annie		what was his early life like ?		what was kelly 's early life like ?
ned kelly		rise to notoriety		how did he gain his fame ?		15 october 1869 at the age of 14 when he was charged with the assault and robbery of ah fook , a pig and fowl trader of chinese descent from bright .		did he continue a life of crime after age 14 ?		fook described 14-year - old kelly as being aged around 20 years .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he abused annie for not giving him rain water , and kelly came outside and pushed him .		who is annie ?		his sister annie		what was his early life like ?		i do n't know .		who s money was he wanting ?		who s money was kelly wanting ?
ned kelly		rise to notoriety		how did he gain his fame ?		15 october 1869 at the age of 14 when he was charged with the assault and robbery of ah fook , a pig and fowl trader of chinese descent from bright .		did he continue a life of crime after age 14 ?		fook described 14-year - old kelly as being aged around 20 years .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he abused annie for not giving him rain water , and kelly came outside and pushed him .		who is annie ?		his sister annie		what was his early life like ?		i do n't know .		who s money was he wanting ?		fook ,		what other things did he do during those days ?		other than abusing annie for not giving kelly rain water what other things did kelly do during 1869 ?
byron m. cutcheon		civil war positions		what role did he play in the civil war ?		what role did byron m. cutcheon play in the civil war ?
byron m. cutcheon		civil war positions		what role did he play in the civil war ?		raised a company for the twentieth regiment , michigan infantry who mustered him into service as a second lieutenant .		what else did he do in the war ?		other than raising a company for the twentieth regiment , what else did byron m. cutcheon do in the war ?
byron m. cutcheon		civil war positions		what role did he play in the civil war ?		raised a company for the twentieth regiment , michigan infantry who mustered him into service as a second lieutenant .		what else did he do in the war ?		on july 29 , 1862 , he was made captain of his company and on october 14 , 1862 , he was made major of the twentieth regiment .		what battles was he in ?		what battles was byron m. cutcheon in during the civil war ?
byron m. cutcheon		civil war positions		what role did he play in the civil war ?		raised a company for the twentieth regiment , michigan infantry who mustered him into service as a second lieutenant .		what else did he do in the war ?		on july 29 , 1862 , he was made captain of his company and on october 14 , 1862 , he was made major of the twentieth regiment .		what battles was he in ?		battles of fredericksburg , virginia ; horseshoe bend , kentucky ; the siege of vicksburg ,		what other battles did he fight in ?		other than the battles of fredericksburg , virginia ; horseshoe bend , kentucky and the siege of vicksburg , what battles did byron m. cutcheon fight in ?
esther williams		later years		what did esther do in her later years		what did esther do in her later years ?
esther williams		later years		what did esther do in her later years		in april 2010 , williams appeared at the first turner classic movies classic film festival in hollywood , california , alongside two - time co - star betty garrett .		what movie did she star in with betty		what movie did esther star in with betty ?
esther williams		later years		what did esther do in her later years		in april 2010 , williams appeared at the first turner classic movies classic film festival in hollywood , california , alongside two - time co - star betty garrett .		what movie did she star in with betty		their film neptune 's daughter ( 1949 ) was screened at the pool of the roosevelt hotel ,		what else did she do in her later years		other than appear in neptune 's daughter , what else did esther do in her later years
esther williams		later years		what did esther do in her later years		in april 2010 , williams appeared at the first turner classic movies classic film festival in hollywood , california , alongside two - time co - star betty garrett .		what movie did she star in with betty		their film neptune 's daughter ( 1949 ) was screened at the pool of the roosevelt hotel ,		what else did she do in her later years		she continued to lend her name to a line of retro women 's swimwear . "		how successful was the swimwear line ?		how successful was retro women 's swimwear line ?
esther williams		later years		what did esther do in her later years		in april 2010 , williams appeared at the first turner classic movies classic film festival in hollywood , california , alongside two - time co - star betty garrett .		what movie did she star in with betty		their film neptune 's daughter ( 1949 ) was screened at the pool of the roosevelt hotel ,		what else did she do in her later years		she continued to lend her name to a line of retro women 's swimwear . "		how successful was the swimwear line ?		i do n't know .		what kind of fabric was used for it		what kind of fabric was used for retro women 's swimwear line ?
esther williams		later years		what did esther do in her later years		in april 2010 , williams appeared at the first turner classic movies classic film festival in hollywood , california , alongside two - time co - star betty garrett .		what movie did she star in with betty		their film neptune 's daughter ( 1949 ) was screened at the pool of the roosevelt hotel ,		what else did she do in her later years		she continued to lend her name to a line of retro women 's swimwear . "		how successful was the swimwear line ?		i do n't know .		what kind of fabric was used for it		i do n't know .		anything else interesting about her later years		in addition to starring in neptune 's daughter , was there anything else interesting about williams ' later years
esther williams		later years		what did esther do in her later years		in april 2010 , williams appeared at the first turner classic movies classic film festival in hollywood , california , alongside two - time co - star betty garrett .		what movie did she star in with betty		their film neptune 's daughter ( 1949 ) was screened at the pool of the roosevelt hotel ,		what else did she do in her later years		she continued to lend her name to a line of retro women 's swimwear . "		how successful was the swimwear line ?		i do n't know .		what kind of fabric was used for it		i do n't know .		anything else interesting about her later years		in 2000 an account of williams 's life and career appeared in the swedish book esther williams -- skenbiografin ( esther williams -- the fake biography )		why was it called " the fake biography " ?		why was the book esther williams called " the fake biography " ?
esther williams		later years		what did esther do in her later years		in april 2010 , williams appeared at the first turner classic movies classic film festival in hollywood , california , alongside two - time co - star betty garrett .		what movie did she star in with betty		their film neptune 's daughter ( 1949 ) was screened at the pool of the roosevelt hotel ,		what else did she do in her later years		she continued to lend her name to a line of retro women 's swimwear . "		how successful was the swimwear line ?		i do n't know .		what kind of fabric was used for it		i do n't know .		anything else interesting about her later years		in 2000 an account of williams 's life and career appeared in the swedish book esther williams -- skenbiografin ( esther williams -- the fake biography )		why was it called " the fake biography " ?		williams as -- to the author -- both a bewildering and mesmerizing front figure and icon in this field .		how did the public like the biography ?		how did the public like the book titled esther williams ?
esther williams		later years		what did esther do in her later years		in april 2010 , williams appeared at the first turner classic movies classic film festival in hollywood , california , alongside two - time co - star betty garrett .		what movie did she star in with betty		their film neptune 's daughter ( 1949 ) was screened at the pool of the roosevelt hotel ,		what else did she do in her later years		she continued to lend her name to a line of retro women 's swimwear . "		how successful was the swimwear line ?		i do n't know .		what kind of fabric was used for it		i do n't know .		anything else interesting about her later years		in 2000 an account of williams 's life and career appeared in the swedish book esther williams -- skenbiografin ( esther williams -- the fake biography )		why was it called " the fake biography " ?		williams as -- to the author -- both a bewildering and mesmerizing front figure and icon in this field .		how did the public like the biography ?		i do n't know .		did she have any relationships in her later years ?		did williams have any relationships in her later years ?
esther williams		later years		what did esther do in her later years		in april 2010 , williams appeared at the first turner classic movies classic film festival in hollywood , california , alongside two - time co - star betty garrett .		what movie did she star in with betty		their film neptune 's daughter ( 1949 ) was screened at the pool of the roosevelt hotel ,		what else did she do in her later years		she continued to lend her name to a line of retro women 's swimwear . "		how successful was the swimwear line ?		i do n't know .		what kind of fabric was used for it		i do n't know .		anything else interesting about her later years		in 2000 an account of williams 's life and career appeared in the swedish book esther williams -- skenbiografin ( esther williams -- the fake biography )		why was it called " the fake biography " ?		williams as -- to the author -- both a bewildering and mesmerizing front figure and icon in this field .		how did the public like the biography ?		i do n't know .		did she have any relationships in her later years ?		i do n't know .		what was his name ?		what was williams ' partner 's name ?
rob thomas ( musician )		2000 - 2003 : mad season and more than you think you are		when was mad season released ?		when was mad season by rob thomas released ?
rob thomas ( musician )		2000 - 2003 : mad season and more than you think you are		when was mad season released ?		they renamed themselves matchbox twenty and , in march 2000 , released mad season .		why did they name themselves ?		why did they name themselves matchbox twenty ?
rob thomas ( musician )		2000 - 2003 : mad season and more than you think you are		when was mad season released ?		they renamed themselves matchbox twenty and , in march 2000 , released mad season .		why did they name themselves ?		i do n't know .		what songs were on mad season ?		what songs were on mad season by matchbox twenty ?
rob thomas ( musician )		2000 - 2003 : mad season and more than you think you are		when was mad season released ?		they renamed themselves matchbox twenty and , in march 2000 , released mad season .		why did they name themselves ?		i do n't know .		what songs were on mad season ?		its first single , bent ,		what was unique about bent ?		what was unique about matchbox twenty 's song bent ?
rob thomas ( musician )		2000 - 2003 : mad season and more than you think you are		when was mad season released ?		they renamed themselves matchbox twenty and , in march 2000 , released mad season .		why did they name themselves ?		i do n't know .		what songs were on mad season ?		its first single , bent ,		what was unique about bent ?		reached number 1 on the billboard hot 100 chart .		did the album have other successful songs on it ?		in addition to the song bent , did the mad season album have any other successful songs ?
rob thomas ( musician )		2000 - 2003 : mad season and more than you think you are		when was mad season released ?		they renamed themselves matchbox twenty and , in march 2000 , released mad season .		why did they name themselves ?		i do n't know .		what songs were on mad season ?		its first single , bent ,		what was unique about bent ?		reached number 1 on the billboard hot 100 chart .		did the album have other successful songs on it ?		i do n't know .		when was their next album released ?		after mad season , when was matchbox twenty 's next album released ?
rob thomas ( musician )		2000 - 2003 : mad season and more than you think you are		when was mad season released ?		they renamed themselves matchbox twenty and , in march 2000 , released mad season .		why did they name themselves ?		i do n't know .		what songs were on mad season ?		its first single , bent ,		what was unique about bent ?		reached number 1 on the billboard hot 100 chart .		did the album have other successful songs on it ?		i do n't know .		when was their next album released ?		the third matchbox twenty album , more than you think you are , was n't complete until four weeks before its release date ,		why was it completed so late ?		why was the album more than you think you are completed so late ?
rob thomas ( musician )		2000 - 2003 : mad season and more than you think you are		when was mad season released ?		they renamed themselves matchbox twenty and , in march 2000 , released mad season .		why did they name themselves ?		i do n't know .		what songs were on mad season ?		its first single , bent ,		what was unique about bent ?		reached number 1 on the billboard hot 100 chart .		did the album have other successful songs on it ?		i do n't know .		when was their next album released ?		the third matchbox twenty album , more than you think you are , was n't complete until four weeks before its release date ,		why was it completed so late ?		for the first time , the band recorded a song not written by thomas .		what song was that ?		what was the first matchbox twenty song not written by rob thomas ?
taio cruz		2009 - 2011 : rokstarr , international breakthrough and the rokstarr collection		what is the rokstarr about ?		what is the rokstarr about ?
taio cruz		2009 - 2011 : rokstarr , international breakthrough and the rokstarr collection		what is the rokstarr about ?		rokstarr music london changed its name to rokstarr entertainment division , abbreviated to r.e.d inc.		is that the record label taio went with ?		is r.e.d inc. the record label taio went with ?
taio cruz		2009 - 2011 : rokstarr , international breakthrough and the rokstarr collection		what is the rokstarr about ?		rokstarr music london changed its name to rokstarr entertainment division , abbreviated to r.e.d inc.		is that the record label taio went with ?		during 2009 , he worked on his follow - up album entitled rokstarr . it was released on 12 october through r.e.d inc./island records		how did he have an international breakthrough ?		how did taio have an international breakthrough ?
taio cruz		2009 - 2011 : rokstarr , international breakthrough and the rokstarr collection		what is the rokstarr about ?		rokstarr music london changed its name to rokstarr entertainment division , abbreviated to r.e.d inc.		is that the record label taio went with ?		during 2009 , he worked on his follow - up album entitled rokstarr . it was released on 12 october through r.e.d inc./island records		how did he have an international breakthrough ?		david massey and daniel werner from mercury / island def jam who were excited and aggressive about releasing " break your heart " in the united states on their label .		did those two sing with taio ?		did david massey and daniel werner sing with taio ?
taio cruz		2009 - 2011 : rokstarr , international breakthrough and the rokstarr collection		what is the rokstarr about ?		rokstarr music london changed its name to rokstarr entertainment division , abbreviated to r.e.d inc.		is that the record label taio went with ?		during 2009 , he worked on his follow - up album entitled rokstarr . it was released on 12 october through r.e.d inc./island records		how did he have an international breakthrough ?		david massey and daniel werner from mercury / island def jam who were excited and aggressive about releasing " break your heart " in the united states on their label .		did those two sing with taio ?		and the top - ten hit " dirty picture " featuring american electropop singer kesha .		what significant fact that you found interesting in the article ?		what significant fact that you found interesting in rokstarr , international breakthrough and the rokstarr collection ?
taio cruz		2009 - 2011 : rokstarr , international breakthrough and the rokstarr collection		what is the rokstarr about ?		rokstarr music london changed its name to rokstarr entertainment division , abbreviated to r.e.d inc.		is that the record label taio went with ?		during 2009 , he worked on his follow - up album entitled rokstarr . it was released on 12 october through r.e.d inc./island records		how did he have an international breakthrough ?		david massey and daniel werner from mercury / island def jam who were excited and aggressive about releasing " break your heart " in the united states on their label .		did those two sing with taio ?		and the top - ten hit " dirty picture " featuring american electropop singer kesha .		what significant fact that you found interesting in the article ?		the single reached the top spot in the united states for one week on the billboard hot 100 .		did he have any other hit singles during that time ?		besides dirty picture did taio have any other hit singles during 2009 ?
taio cruz		2009 - 2011 : rokstarr , international breakthrough and the rokstarr collection		what is the rokstarr about ?		rokstarr music london changed its name to rokstarr entertainment division , abbreviated to r.e.d inc.		is that the record label taio went with ?		during 2009 , he worked on his follow - up album entitled rokstarr . it was released on 12 october through r.e.d inc./island records		how did he have an international breakthrough ?		david massey and daniel werner from mercury / island def jam who were excited and aggressive about releasing " break your heart " in the united states on their label .		did those two sing with taio ?		and the top - ten hit " dirty picture " featuring american electropop singer kesha .		what significant fact that you found interesting in the article ?		the single reached the top spot in the united states for one week on the billboard hot 100 .		did he have any other hit singles during that time ?		top - ten hit " dirty picture " featuring american electropop singer kesha .		any other interesting fact you found interesting ?		besides the single reaching the top spot in the united states for one week on the billboard hot 100 any other interesting fact you found interesting ?
taio cruz		2009 - 2011 : rokstarr , international breakthrough and the rokstarr collection		what is the rokstarr about ?		rokstarr music london changed its name to rokstarr entertainment division , abbreviated to r.e.d inc.		is that the record label taio went with ?		during 2009 , he worked on his follow - up album entitled rokstarr . it was released on 12 october through r.e.d inc./island records		how did he have an international breakthrough ?		david massey and daniel werner from mercury / island def jam who were excited and aggressive about releasing " break your heart " in the united states on their label .		did those two sing with taio ?		and the top - ten hit " dirty picture " featuring american electropop singer kesha .		what significant fact that you found interesting in the article ?		the single reached the top spot in the united states for one week on the billboard hot 100 .		did he have any other hit singles during that time ?		top - ten hit " dirty picture " featuring american electropop singer kesha .		any other interesting fact you found interesting ?		" dynamite " debuted at 26 and peaked at number two on the u.s. billboard hot 100 .		how long did dynamite stay in the billboard hot 100 ?		how long did dynamite stay in the billboard hot 100 ?
john grant ( musician )		pale green ghosts		is pale green ghosts a song ?		is pale green ghosts a song ?
john grant ( musician )		pale green ghosts		is pale green ghosts a song ?		second album pale green ghosts ,		what was a single from the album ?		what was a single from pale green ghosts ?
john grant ( musician )		pale green ghosts		is pale green ghosts a song ?		second album pale green ghosts ,		what was a single from the album ?		it does n't matter to him " .		was this album well received ?		was pale green ghosts well received ?
john grant ( musician )		pale green ghosts		is pale green ghosts a song ?		second album pale green ghosts ,		what was a single from the album ?		it does n't matter to him " .		was this album well received ?		pale green ghosts was rough trade records album of the year , and number 2 in the guardian 's best album of 2013 .		did any guests appear on the album ?		did any guests appear on pale green ghosts ?
john grant ( musician )		pale green ghosts		is pale green ghosts a song ?		second album pale green ghosts ,		what was a single from the album ?		it does n't matter to him " .		was this album well received ?		pale green ghosts was rough trade records album of the year , and number 2 in the guardian 's best album of 2013 .		did any guests appear on the album ?		sinead o'connor		were they friends ?		were grant and o'connor friends ?
john grant ( musician )		pale green ghosts		is pale green ghosts a song ?		second album pale green ghosts ,		what was a single from the album ?		it does n't matter to him " .		was this album well received ?		pale green ghosts was rough trade records album of the year , and number 2 in the guardian 's best album of 2013 .		did any guests appear on the album ?		sinead o'connor		were they friends ?		i do n't know .		was there a tour for the album ?		was there a tour for pale green ghosts ?
john grant ( musician )		pale green ghosts		is pale green ghosts a song ?		second album pale green ghosts ,		what was a single from the album ?		it does n't matter to him " .		was this album well received ?		pale green ghosts was rough trade records album of the year , and number 2 in the guardian 's best album of 2013 .		did any guests appear on the album ?		sinead o'connor		were they friends ?		i do n't know .		was there a tour for the album ?		this was released as an album : john grant and the bbc philharmonic orchestra : live in concert . grant concluded 2014 with rave reviews following his uk concert hall tour		where did the name of the album come from ?		where did the name of pale green ghosts come from ?
john grant ( musician )		pale green ghosts		is pale green ghosts a song ?		second album pale green ghosts ,		what was a single from the album ?		it does n't matter to him " .		was this album well received ?		pale green ghosts was rough trade records album of the year , and number 2 in the guardian 's best album of 2013 .		did any guests appear on the album ?		sinead o'connor		were they friends ?		i do n't know .		was there a tour for the album ?		this was released as an album : john grant and the bbc philharmonic orchestra : live in concert . grant concluded 2014 with rave reviews following his uk concert hall tour		where did the name of the album come from ?		i do n't know .		did the album receive any other accolades ?		besides rave reviews following his uk concert hall tour did pale green ghosts receive any other accolades ?
john grant ( musician )		pale green ghosts		is pale green ghosts a song ?		second album pale green ghosts ,		what was a single from the album ?		it does n't matter to him " .		was this album well received ?		pale green ghosts was rough trade records album of the year , and number 2 in the guardian 's best album of 2013 .		did any guests appear on the album ?		sinead o'connor		were they friends ?		i do n't know .		was there a tour for the album ?		this was released as an album : john grant and the bbc philharmonic orchestra : live in concert . grant concluded 2014 with rave reviews following his uk concert hall tour		where did the name of the album come from ?		i do n't know .		did the album receive any other accolades ?		rave reviews		anything else i should know about the album ?		in addition to pale green ghosts was rough trade records album of the year , and number 2 in the guardian 's best album of 2013 anything else i should know about pale green ghosts ?
yogi berra		major leagues		what team signed him ?		what team signed yogi berra ?
yogi berra		major leagues		what team signed him ?		berra was called up to the yankees and played his first game on september 22 , 1946 ;		how long was he there ?		how long was yogi berra with the yankees ?
yogi berra		major leagues		what team signed him ?		berra was called up to the yankees and played his first game on september 22 , 1946 ;		how long was he there ?		he played 7 games that season and 83 games in 1947 . he played in more than a hundred games in each of the following fourteen years .		what did he do in 1948 ?		what did yogi berra do in 1948 ?
yogi berra		major leagues		what team signed him ?		berra was called up to the yankees and played his first game on september 22 , 1946 ;		how long was he there ?		he played 7 games that season and 83 games in 1947 . he played in more than a hundred games in each of the following fourteen years .		what did he do in 1948 ?		i do n't know .		what was his best game ?		what was yogi berra 's best game ?
yogi berra		major leagues		what team signed him ?		berra was called up to the yankees and played his first game on september 22 , 1946 ;		how long was he there ?		he played 7 games that season and 83 games in 1947 . he played in more than a hundred games in each of the following fourteen years .		what did he do in 1948 ?		i do n't know .		what was his best game ?		one of the most notable games of berra 's playing career came when he caught don larsen 's perfect game in the 1956 world series ,		were there any more highlights to his career ?		were there any more highlights to yogi berra 's career ?
yogi berra		major leagues		what team signed him ?		berra was called up to the yankees and played his first game on september 22 , 1946 ;		how long was he there ?		he played 7 games that season and 83 games in 1947 . he played in more than a hundred games in each of the following fourteen years .		what did he do in 1948 ?		i do n't know .		what was his best game ?		one of the most notable games of berra 's playing career came when he caught don larsen 's perfect game in the 1956 world series ,		were there any more highlights to his career ?		berra never finished lower than fourth in the mvp voting from 1950 to 1957 .		what else happened from 1950 - 1957 ?		aside from yogi berra never finishing lower than fourth in the mvp voting from 1950 to 1957 , what else happened from 1950 - 1957 ?
yogi berra		major leagues		what team signed him ?		berra was called up to the yankees and played his first game on september 22 , 1946 ;		how long was he there ?		he played 7 games that season and 83 games in 1947 . he played in more than a hundred games in each of the following fourteen years .		what did he do in 1948 ?		i do n't know .		what was his best game ?		one of the most notable games of berra 's playing career came when he caught don larsen 's perfect game in the 1956 world series ,		were there any more highlights to his career ?		berra never finished lower than fourth in the mvp voting from 1950 to 1957 .		what else happened from 1950 - 1957 ?		he won the american league ( al ) mvp award in 1951 , 1954 , and 1955 ;		did he win any other awards ?		did yogi berra win any other awards , aside from the american league ( al ) mvp award in 1951 , 1954 , and 1955 ?
yogi berra		major leagues		what team signed him ?		berra was called up to the yankees and played his first game on september 22 , 1946 ;		how long was he there ?		he played 7 games that season and 83 games in 1947 . he played in more than a hundred games in each of the following fourteen years .		what did he do in 1948 ?		i do n't know .		what was his best game ?		one of the most notable games of berra 's playing career came when he caught don larsen 's perfect game in the 1956 world series ,		were there any more highlights to his career ?		berra never finished lower than fourth in the mvp voting from 1950 to 1957 .		what else happened from 1950 - 1957 ?		he won the american league ( al ) mvp award in 1951 , 1954 , and 1955 ;		did he win any other awards ?		berra was an all - star for 15 seasons , and was selected to 18 all - star games		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article , besides yogi berra 's awards and achievements ?
joe hisaishi		biography		where was joe born ?		where was joe born ?
joe hisaishi		biography		where was joe born ?		hisaishi was born in nakano , nagano , japan		what date ?		what date was joe born ?
joe hisaishi		biography		where was joe born ?		hisaishi was born in nakano , nagano , japan		what date ?		i do n't know .		who is listed as his family ?		who is listed as joe 's family ?
joe hisaishi		biography		where was joe born ?		hisaishi was born in nakano , nagano , japan		what date ?		i do n't know .		who is listed as his family ?		i do n't know .		where did he attend school or was educated ?		where did joe attend school or was educated ?
joe hisaishi		biography		where was joe born ?		hisaishi was born in nakano , nagano , japan		what date ?		i do n't know .		who is listed as his family ?		i do n't know .		where did he attend school or was educated ?		he started learning violin in the violin school suzuki shinichi at the age of four ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than joe learning violin in the violin school suzuki shinichi at the age of four , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
joe hisaishi		biography		where was joe born ?		hisaishi was born in nakano , nagano , japan		what date ?		i do n't know .		who is listed as his family ?		i do n't know .		where did he attend school or was educated ?		he started learning violin in the violin school suzuki shinichi at the age of four ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he enjoyed his first success of the business in 1974 when he composed music for the anime series called gyatoruzu .		what other anime or series did he make music for ?		besides gyatoruzu , what other anime or series did joe make music for ?
joe hisaishi		biography		where was joe born ?		hisaishi was born in nakano , nagano , japan		what date ?		i do n't know .		who is listed as his family ?		i do n't know .		where did he attend school or was educated ?		he started learning violin in the violin school suzuki shinichi at the age of four ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he enjoyed his first success of the business in 1974 when he composed music for the anime series called gyatoruzu .		what other anime or series did he make music for ?		hajime ningen gyatoruz		are they any other places his work is featured ?		aside from gyatoruzu and hajime ningen gyatoruzu , are there any other places joe 's work is featured ?
joe hisaishi		biography		where was joe born ?		hisaishi was born in nakano , nagano , japan		what date ?		i do n't know .		who is listed as his family ?		i do n't know .		where did he attend school or was educated ?		he started learning violin in the violin school suzuki shinichi at the age of four ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		he enjoyed his first success of the business in 1974 when he composed music for the anime series called gyatoruzu .		what other anime or series did he make music for ?		hajime ningen gyatoruz		are they any other places his work is featured ?		as his works were becoming well known , hisaishi formulated an alias inspired by quincy jones , an african - american musician and producer .		what was this alias ?		what was the alias joe formulated using inspiration from quincy jones ?
william jennings bryan		chautauqua circuit : 1900 - 1912		what was the chautauqua circuit ?		what was the chautauqua circuit ?
william jennings bryan		chautauqua circuit : 1900 - 1912		what was the chautauqua circuit ?		bryan was the most popular speaker on the chautauqua circuit , delivering thousands of paid speeches on current events		what are some examples of the topics that he spoke about ?		what are some examples of the topics william jennings bryan spoke about ?
william jennings bryan		chautauqua circuit : 1900 - 1912		what was the chautauqua circuit ?		bryan was the most popular speaker on the chautauqua circuit , delivering thousands of paid speeches on current events		what are some examples of the topics that he spoke about ?		he mostly spoke about christianity , but covered a wide variety of topics .		what was his topic on christianity about ?		what was william jennings bryan speech on christianity about ?
william jennings bryan		chautauqua circuit : 1900 - 1912		what was the chautauqua circuit ?		bryan was the most popular speaker on the chautauqua circuit , delivering thousands of paid speeches on current events		what are some examples of the topics that he spoke about ?		he mostly spoke about christianity , but covered a wide variety of topics .		what was his topic on christianity about ?		stressed that christian theology was the solid foundation of morality ,		what is another topic that he spoke on ?		besides christianity , what is another topic william jennings bryan spoke on ?
william jennings bryan		chautauqua circuit : 1900 - 1912		what was the chautauqua circuit ?		bryan was the most popular speaker on the chautauqua circuit , delivering thousands of paid speeches on current events		what are some examples of the topics that he spoke about ?		he mostly spoke about christianity , but covered a wide variety of topics .		what was his topic on christianity about ?		stressed that christian theology was the solid foundation of morality ,		what is another topic that he spoke on ?		in a 1905 speech , bryan warned that " the darwinian theory represents man reaching his present perfection by the operation of the law of hate ,		did he do any other work besides speeches during this period ?		did william jennings bryan do any other work besides speeches from 1900 - 1912 ?
william jennings bryan		chautauqua circuit : 1900 - 1912		what was the chautauqua circuit ?		bryan was the most popular speaker on the chautauqua circuit , delivering thousands of paid speeches on current events		what are some examples of the topics that he spoke about ?		he mostly spoke about christianity , but covered a wide variety of topics .		what was his topic on christianity about ?		stressed that christian theology was the solid foundation of morality ,		what is another topic that he spoke on ?		in a 1905 speech , bryan warned that " the darwinian theory represents man reaching his present perfection by the operation of the law of hate ,		did he do any other work besides speeches during this period ?		bryan threw himself into the work of the social gospel . he served in organizations		what organizations did he serve in ?		what organizations did william jennings bryan serve in ?
mohammed rafi		later years		did rafi continue singing ?		did rafi continue singing ?
mohammed rafi		later years		did rafi continue singing ?		rafi made a comeback as the leading singer		what song did he make famous ?		what song did raffi make famous ?
mohammed rafi		later years		did rafi continue singing ?		rafi made a comeback as the leading singer		what song did he make famous ?		" teree galiyon mein na rakhenge qadam aaj ke baad		what other things did he sing in ?		aside from teree galiyon mein na rakhenge qadam aaj ke baad , what other things did raffi sing in ?
mohammed rafi		later years		did rafi continue singing ?		rafi made a comeback as the leading singer		what song did he make famous ?		" teree galiyon mein na rakhenge qadam aaj ke baad		what other things did he sing in ?		rafi sang for many successful films in the late 1970s and the early 1980s		what were some of the films he sang in ?		what were some of the films raffi sang in ?
mohammed rafi		later years		did rafi continue singing ?		rafi made a comeback as the leading singer		what song did he make famous ?		" teree galiyon mein na rakhenge qadam aaj ke baad		what other things did he sing in ?		rafi sang for many successful films in the late 1970s and the early 1980s		what were some of the films he sang in ?		the hindi remake of dilip sen 's bengali superhit sorry madam ;		are there other films he sang in ?		besides sorry madam , are there other films raffi sang in ?
mohammed rafi		later years		did rafi continue singing ?		rafi made a comeback as the leading singer		what song did he make famous ?		" teree galiyon mein na rakhenge qadam aaj ke baad		what other things did he sing in ?		rafi sang for many successful films in the late 1970s and the early 1980s		what were some of the films he sang in ?		the hindi remake of dilip sen 's bengali superhit sorry madam ;		are there other films he sang in ?		bairaag ( 1976 ) , dharamveer ( 1977 ) , apnapan ( 1978 ) , ganga ki saugandh ( 1978 ) ,		are there any other noteworthy performances from him ?		aside from sorry madam , are there any other noteworthy performances from raffi ?
mohammed rafi		later years		did rafi continue singing ?		rafi made a comeback as the leading singer		what song did he make famous ?		" teree galiyon mein na rakhenge qadam aaj ke baad		what other things did he sing in ?		rafi sang for many successful films in the late 1970s and the early 1980s		what were some of the films he sang in ?		the hindi remake of dilip sen 's bengali superhit sorry madam ;		are there other films he sang in ?		bairaag ( 1976 ) , dharamveer ( 1977 ) , apnapan ( 1978 ) , ganga ki saugandh ( 1978 ) ,		are there any other noteworthy performances from him ?		in 1976 , rafi sang all the songs for rishi kapoor in the hit film laila majnu .		did he record music for any other films ?		did raffi record music for any other films besides the movie laila majnu ?
mohammed rafi		later years		did rafi continue singing ?		rafi made a comeback as the leading singer		what song did he make famous ?		" teree galiyon mein na rakhenge qadam aaj ke baad		what other things did he sing in ?		rafi sang for many successful films in the late 1970s and the early 1980s		what were some of the films he sang in ?		the hindi remake of dilip sen 's bengali superhit sorry madam ;		are there other films he sang in ?		bairaag ( 1976 ) , dharamveer ( 1977 ) , apnapan ( 1978 ) , ganga ki saugandh ( 1978 ) ,		are there any other noteworthy performances from him ?		in 1976 , rafi sang all the songs for rishi kapoor in the hit film laila majnu .		did he record music for any other films ?		amar akbar anthony (		was there anything else interesting ?		aside from raffi recording music for amar akbar anthony , was there anything else interesting about him ?
faye wong		1992 - 93 : rise to notability		what is the rise to notability ?		what is the rise to notability ?
faye wong		1992 - 93 : rise to notability		what is the rise to notability ?		the 1992 album coming home incorporated r&b influences and was a change in musical direction from the more traditional cantopop		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		what are interesting aspects relating to the rise to notability other than the album incorporating r&b influences ?
faye wong		1992 - 93 : rise to notability		what is the rise to notability ?		the 1992 album coming home incorporated r&b influences and was a change in musical direction from the more traditional cantopop		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the 1992 album coming home incorporated r&b influences and was a change in musical direction from the more traditional cantopop fare of her earlier albums .		how did the album fair ?		how did the album coming home fair ?
faye wong		1992 - 93 : rise to notability		what is the rise to notability ?		the 1992 album coming home incorporated r&b influences and was a change in musical direction from the more traditional cantopop		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the 1992 album coming home incorporated r&b influences and was a change in musical direction from the more traditional cantopop fare of her earlier albums .		how did the album fair ?		become a huge regional hit		where was it released ?		where was coming home released ?
faye wong		1992 - 93 : rise to notability		what is the rise to notability ?		the 1992 album coming home incorporated r&b influences and was a change in musical direction from the more traditional cantopop		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the 1992 album coming home incorporated r&b influences and was a change in musical direction from the more traditional cantopop fare of her earlier albums .		how did the album fair ?		become a huge regional hit		where was it released ?		thailand , vietnam and the rest of southeast asia and even turkey ;		did the album have any hits ?		did coming home have any hits ?
faye wong		1992 - 93 : rise to notability		what is the rise to notability ?		the 1992 album coming home incorporated r&b influences and was a change in musical direction from the more traditional cantopop		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the 1992 album coming home incorporated r&b influences and was a change in musical direction from the more traditional cantopop fare of her earlier albums .		how did the album fair ?		become a huge regional hit		where was it released ?		thailand , vietnam and the rest of southeast asia and even turkey ;		did the album have any hits ?		broken - hearted woman		how did it do ?		how did the song broken - hearted woman do ?
faye wong		1992 - 93 : rise to notability		what is the rise to notability ?		the 1992 album coming home incorporated r&b influences and was a change in musical direction from the more traditional cantopop		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the 1992 album coming home incorporated r&b influences and was a change in musical direction from the more traditional cantopop fare of her earlier albums .		how did the album fair ?		become a huge regional hit		where was it released ?		thailand , vietnam and the rest of southeast asia and even turkey ;		did the album have any hits ?		broken - hearted woman		how did it do ?		popular		was there any other hits on this album ?		was there any other hits on the coming home album aside from broken - hearted woman ?
faye wong		1994 - 95 : mandarin market		what was the mandarin market ?		what was the mandarin market ?
faye wong		1994 - 95 : mandarin market		what was the mandarin market ?		besides two cantonese albums in 1994 , wong released two other albums in mandarin in taiwan ,		what were those albums ?		what were the albums wong released other than two cantonese albums in 1994 ?
faye wong		1994 - 95 : mandarin market		what was the mandarin market ?		besides two cantonese albums in 1994 , wong released two other albums in mandarin in taiwan ,		what were those albums ?		mystery ( mi ) and sky ( tian kong		did those albums do well ?		did the albums wong released other than two cantonese albums in 1994 do well ?
faye wong		1994 - 95 : mandarin market		what was the mandarin market ?		besides two cantonese albums in 1994 , wong released two other albums in mandarin in taiwan ,		what were those albums ?		mystery ( mi ) and sky ( tian kong		did those albums do well ?		the runaway hit " i 'm willing " ( wo yuan yi ) in mystery became her trademark hit in the mandarin - speaking communities for years ,		what else came of that ?		other than the hit " i 'm willing",what else came of wong 's albums ?
faye wong		1994 - 95 : mandarin market		what was the mandarin market ?		besides two cantonese albums in 1994 , wong released two other albums in mandarin in taiwan ,		what were those albums ?		mystery ( mi ) and sky ( tian kong		did those albums do well ?		the runaway hit " i 'm willing " ( wo yuan yi ) in mystery became her trademark hit in the mandarin - speaking communities for years ,		what else came of that ?		four best - selling albums in cantonese and mandarin , a record - breaking 18 consecutive concerts in hong kong , and a widely acclaimed film		what was the film called ?		what was the film spawned from faye wong 's musical works called ?
faye wong		1994 - 95 : mandarin market		what was the mandarin market ?		besides two cantonese albums in 1994 , wong released two other albums in mandarin in taiwan ,		what were those albums ?		mystery ( mi ) and sky ( tian kong		did those albums do well ?		the runaway hit " i 'm willing " ( wo yuan yi ) in mystery became her trademark hit in the mandarin - speaking communities for years ,		what else came of that ?		four best - selling albums in cantonese and mandarin , a record - breaking 18 consecutive concerts in hong kong , and a widely acclaimed film		what was the film called ?		chungking express )		how was her film performance ?		how was faye wong 's film performance in chungking express ?
marlon brando		lifestyle		what was brando 's lifestyle like ?		what was marlon brando 's lifestyle like ?
marlon brando		lifestyle		what was brando 's lifestyle like ?		brando earned a reputation as a ' bad boy '		how did he get this reputation ?		how did marlon brando get his bad boy reputation ?
marlon brando		lifestyle		what was brando 's lifestyle like ?		brando earned a reputation as a ' bad boy '		how did he get this reputation ?		for his public outbursts and antics .		what other kind of behavior did he display ?		other than the public outbursts and antics , what other kind of behavior did marlon brando display ?
marlon brando		lifestyle		what was brando 's lifestyle like ?		brando earned a reputation as a ' bad boy '		how did he get this reputation ?		for his public outbursts and antics .		what other kind of behavior did he display ?		reputation as a difficult star .		why did they say he was difficult ?		why did the media say marlon brando was difficult ?
marlon brando		lifestyle		what was brando 's lifestyle like ?		brando earned a reputation as a ' bad boy '		how did he get this reputation ?		for his public outbursts and antics .		what other kind of behavior did he display ?		reputation as a difficult star .		why did they say he was difficult ?		according to los angeles magazine , " brando was rock and roll before anybody knew what rock and roll was . "		what did others think about his lifestyle ?		what did others think about marlon brando 's lifestyle ?
marlon brando		lifestyle		what was brando 's lifestyle like ?		brando earned a reputation as a ' bad boy '		how did he get this reputation ?		for his public outbursts and antics .		what other kind of behavior did he display ?		reputation as a difficult star .		why did they say he was difficult ?		according to los angeles magazine , " brando was rock and roll before anybody knew what rock and roll was . "		what did others think about his lifestyle ?		he was blamed for a change in director and a runaway budget ,		what other trouble did he have ?		besides the change in director and runaway budget what other trouble did marlon brando have ?
marlon brando		lifestyle		what was brando 's lifestyle like ?		brando earned a reputation as a ' bad boy '		how did he get this reputation ?		for his public outbursts and antics .		what other kind of behavior did he display ?		reputation as a difficult star .		why did they say he was difficult ?		according to los angeles magazine , " brando was rock and roll before anybody knew what rock and roll was . "		what did others think about his lifestyle ?		he was blamed for a change in director and a runaway budget ,		what other trouble did he have ?		the 1983 hurricane destroyed many of the structures including his resort .		what did he do after that happened ?		what did marlon brando do after the hurricane in 1983 destroyed his resort ?
spike milligan		second world war		what did he write during the second world war ?		what did milligan write during the second world war ?
spike milligan		second world war		what did he write during the second world war ?		during the second world war , milligan served as a signaller in the 56th heavy regiment royal artillery , d battery ( later 19 battery ) , as gunner milligan , 954024 .		how long was he there ?		how long was milligan there ?
spike milligan		second world war		what did he write during the second world war ?		during the second world war , milligan served as a signaller in the 56th heavy regiment royal artillery , d battery ( later 19 battery ) , as gunner milligan , 954024 .		how long was he there ?		i do n't know .		did he write while there ?		did milligan write while there ?
spike milligan		second world war		what did he write during the second world war ?		during the second world war , milligan served as a signaller in the 56th heavy regiment royal artillery , d battery ( later 19 battery ) , as gunner milligan , 954024 .		how long was he there ?		i do n't know .		did he write while there ?		after his call - up , but before being sent abroad , he and fellow musician harry edgington ( 1919 - 1993 ) ( whose nickname ' edge - ying - tong ' , inspired one of milligan 's most memorable musical creations , the " ying tong song " )		what was it about ?		what was ying tong song about ?
spike milligan		second world war		what did he write during the second world war ?		during the second world war , milligan served as a signaller in the 56th heavy regiment royal artillery , d battery ( later 19 battery ) , as gunner milligan , 954024 .		how long was he there ?		i do n't know .		did he write while there ?		after his call - up , but before being sent abroad , he and fellow musician harry edgington ( 1919 - 1993 ) ( whose nickname ' edge - ying - tong ' , inspired one of milligan 's most memorable musical creations , the " ying tong song " )		what was it about ?		filled with puns and skewed logic , as a way of staving off the boredom of life in barracks .		did he put out anything else during the war ?		aside from serving as a signaller in the 56th heavy regiment royal artillery did milligan put out anything else during the war ?
spike milligan		second world war		what did he write during the second world war ?		during the second world war , milligan served as a signaller in the 56th heavy regiment royal artillery , d battery ( later 19 battery ) , as gunner milligan , 954024 .		how long was he there ?		i do n't know .		did he write while there ?		after his call - up , but before being sent abroad , he and fellow musician harry edgington ( 1919 - 1993 ) ( whose nickname ' edge - ying - tong ' , inspired one of milligan 's most memorable musical creations , the " ying tong song " )		what was it about ?		filled with puns and skewed logic , as a way of staving off the boredom of life in barracks .		did he put out anything else during the war ?		i do n't know .		what else did he do ?		aside from gunner what else did milligan do ?
spike milligan		second world war		what did he write during the second world war ?		during the second world war , milligan served as a signaller in the 56th heavy regiment royal artillery , d battery ( later 19 battery ) , as gunner milligan , 954024 .		how long was he there ?		i do n't know .		did he write while there ?		after his call - up , but before being sent abroad , he and fellow musician harry edgington ( 1919 - 1993 ) ( whose nickname ' edge - ying - tong ' , inspired one of milligan 's most memorable musical creations , the " ying tong song " )		what was it about ?		filled with puns and skewed logic , as a way of staving off the boredom of life in barracks .		did he put out anything else during the war ?		i do n't know .		what else did he do ?		he played the guitar with a jazz and comedy group called the bill hall trio , in concert parties for the troops .		did they have any hits ?		did the bill hall trio have any hits ?
miyamoto musashi		first duel		what was first duel ?		who did miyamoto musashi first duel and what was the outcome ?
miyamoto musashi		first duel		what was first duel ?		my opponent was called arima kihei , a sword adept of the shinto ryu , and i defeated him .		what was special about the duel ?		what was special about the duel between miyamoto musashi and arima kihei ?
miyamoto musashi		first duel		what was first duel ?		my opponent was called arima kihei , a sword adept of the shinto ryu , and i defeated him .		what was special about the duel ?		i do n't know .		did he duel with anyone else ?		did miyamoto musashi duel with anyone else other than arima kihei ?
miyamoto musashi		first duel		what was first duel ?		my opponent was called arima kihei , a sword adept of the shinto ryu , and i defeated him .		what was special about the duel ?		i do n't know .		did he duel with anyone else ?		at the age of sixteen i defeated a powerful adept by the name of akiyama , who came from tajima province .		who else did he fight ?		who else did miyamoto musashi fight other than arima kihei and akiyama ?
miyamoto musashi		upbringing		when was his first duel ?		when was miyamoto musashi 's first duel ?
miyamoto musashi		upbringing		when was his first duel ?		i do n't know .		when was he born ?		when was miyamoto musashi born ?
miyamoto musashi		upbringing		when was his first duel ?		i do n't know .		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		what happened after he moved to live with his uncle ?		what happened after miyamoto musashi moved to live with his uncle ?
miyamoto musashi		upbringing		when was his first duel ?		i do n't know .		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		what happened after he moved to live with his uncle ?		both dorin and tasumi , musashi 's uncle by marriage , educated him in buddhism and basic skills such as writing and reading .		where did he go to school ?		where did miyamoto musashi go to school ?
miyamoto musashi		upbringing		when was his first duel ?		i do n't know .		when was he born ?		i do n't know .		what happened after he moved to live with his uncle ?		both dorin and tasumi , musashi 's uncle by marriage , educated him in buddhism and basic skills such as writing and reading .		where did he go to school ?		i do n't know .		did he have a formal education ?		did miyamoto musashi have a formal education ?
jack white		minimalist style		when did he become a minimalist ?		when did jack white become a minimalist ?
jack white		minimalist style		when did he become a minimalist ?		beginning in the fifth grade ,		why did he choose this ?		why did jack white choose to become a minimalist ?
jack white		minimalist style		when did he become a minimalist ?		beginning in the fifth grade ,		why did he choose this ?		he and his childhood friend , dominic suchyta , would listen to records in white 's attic on weekends		what does it mean to him ?		what does being a minimalist mean to jack white ?
jack white		minimalist style		when did he become a minimalist ?		beginning in the fifth grade ,		why did he choose this ?		he and his childhood friend , dominic suchyta , would listen to records in white 's attic on weekends		what does it mean to him ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any interesting aspects of jack white 's minimalism besides his music ?
jack white		minimalist style		when did he become a minimalist ?		beginning in the fifth grade ,		why did he choose this ?		he and his childhood friend , dominic suchyta , would listen to records in white 's attic on weekends		what does it mean to him ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		white showcases his minimalist style by constructing a guitar built out of a plank of wood , three nails , a glass coke bottle , a guitar string , and a pickup .		does he create other things as well ?		does create musical instruments ?
jack white		minimalist style		when did he become a minimalist ?		beginning in the fifth grade ,		why did he choose this ?		he and his childhood friend , dominic suchyta , would listen to records in white 's attic on weekends		what does it mean to him ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		white showcases his minimalist style by constructing a guitar built out of a plank of wood , three nails , a glass coke bottle , a guitar string , and a pickup .		does he create other things as well ?		a neve mixing console , and two studer a800 2-inch 8-track tape recorders .		are there other aspects of his lifestyle you find interesting ?		are there aspects of jack white 's lifestyle that are interesting ?
jack white		minimalist style		when did he become a minimalist ?		beginning in the fifth grade ,		why did he choose this ?		he and his childhood friend , dominic suchyta , would listen to records in white 's attic on weekends		what does it mean to him ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		white showcases his minimalist style by constructing a guitar built out of a plank of wood , three nails , a glass coke bottle , a guitar string , and a pickup .		does he create other things as well ?		a neve mixing console , and two studer a800 2-inch 8-track tape recorders .		are there other aspects of his lifestyle you find interesting ?		in particular , white became distinguished for his nasal vocal delivery and loose , explosive guitar delivery .		what else is he known for ?		what is jack white known for other than his mainstream songs ?
jack white		minimalist style		when did he become a minimalist ?		beginning in the fifth grade ,		why did he choose this ?		he and his childhood friend , dominic suchyta , would listen to records in white 's attic on weekends		what does it mean to him ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		white showcases his minimalist style by constructing a guitar built out of a plank of wood , three nails , a glass coke bottle , a guitar string , and a pickup .		does he create other things as well ?		a neve mixing console , and two studer a800 2-inch 8-track tape recorders .		are there other aspects of his lifestyle you find interesting ?		in particular , white became distinguished for his nasal vocal delivery and loose , explosive guitar delivery .		what else is he known for ?		he " created more challenges by playing an acoustic guitar with paper taped over the hole and a less - than - high - quality solid body electric . "		did his unique style win him any recognitions ?		did jack white 's unique style win him any recognitions ?
jack white		minimalist style		when did he become a minimalist ?		beginning in the fifth grade ,		why did he choose this ?		he and his childhood friend , dominic suchyta , would listen to records in white 's attic on weekends		what does it mean to him ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		white showcases his minimalist style by constructing a guitar built out of a plank of wood , three nails , a glass coke bottle , a guitar string , and a pickup .		does he create other things as well ?		a neve mixing console , and two studer a800 2-inch 8-track tape recorders .		are there other aspects of his lifestyle you find interesting ?		in particular , white became distinguished for his nasal vocal delivery and loose , explosive guitar delivery .		what else is he known for ?		he " created more challenges by playing an acoustic guitar with paper taped over the hole and a less - than - high - quality solid body electric . "		did his unique style win him any recognitions ?		i do n't know .		are there more eccentricities about him ?		are there any eccentricities about jack white ?
jack white		relationships		who has jack white dated ?		who has jack white dated ?
jack white		relationships		who has jack white dated ?		jack and meg married on september 21 , 1996 and divorced on march 24 , 2000 .		who else has he dated ?		besides his ex - wife meg , who else has jack white dated ?
jack white		relationships		who has jack white dated ?		jack and meg married on september 21 , 1996 and divorced on march 24 , 2000 .		who else has he dated ?		he had a brief relationship with actress renee zellweger , whom he met during the filming of cold mountain .		has he remarried ?		has jack white remarried after divorcing meg ?
jack white		relationships		who has jack white dated ?		jack and meg married on september 21 , 1996 and divorced on march 24 , 2000 .		who else has he dated ?		he had a brief relationship with actress renee zellweger , whom he met during the filming of cold mountain .		has he remarried ?		white met british model karen elson when she appeared in the white stripes music video for " blue orchid " .		how long were they married ?		how long were jack white and karen elson married ?
jack white		relationships		who has jack white dated ?		jack and meg married on september 21 , 1996 and divorced on march 24 , 2000 .		who else has he dated ?		he had a brief relationship with actress renee zellweger , whom he met during the filming of cold mountain .		has he remarried ?		white met british model karen elson when she appeared in the white stripes music video for " blue orchid " .		how long were they married ?		they married on june 1 , 2005 , in manaus , brazil .		are they still married ?		are jack white and karen elson still married ?
jack white		relationships		who has jack white dated ?		jack and meg married on september 21 , 1996 and divorced on march 24 , 2000 .		who else has he dated ?		he had a brief relationship with actress renee zellweger , whom he met during the filming of cold mountain .		has he remarried ?		white met british model karen elson when she appeared in the white stripes music video for " blue orchid " .		how long were they married ?		they married on june 1 , 2005 , in manaus , brazil .		are they still married ?		the couple announced their intention to divorce in june 2011 , throwing " a positive swing bang humdinger " party to commemorate the split .		who is he dating now ?		who is jack white dating now ?
jack white		relationships		who has jack white dated ?		jack and meg married on september 21 , 1996 and divorced on march 24 , 2000 .		who else has he dated ?		he had a brief relationship with actress renee zellweger , whom he met during the filming of cold mountain .		has he remarried ?		white met british model karen elson when she appeared in the white stripes music video for " blue orchid " .		how long were they married ?		they married on june 1 , 2005 , in manaus , brazil .		are they still married ?		the couple announced their intention to divorce in june 2011 , throwing " a positive swing bang humdinger " party to commemorate the split .		who is he dating now ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides jack white 's marriages , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
jack white		relationships		who has jack white dated ?		jack and meg married on september 21 , 1996 and divorced on march 24 , 2000 .		who else has he dated ?		he had a brief relationship with actress renee zellweger , whom he met during the filming of cold mountain .		has he remarried ?		white met british model karen elson when she appeared in the white stripes music video for " blue orchid " .		how long were they married ?		they married on june 1 , 2005 , in manaus , brazil .		are they still married ?		the couple announced their intention to divorce in june 2011 , throwing " a positive swing bang humdinger " party to commemorate the split .		who is he dating now ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		judge barred white from having " any contact with karen elson whatsoever except as it relates to parenting time with the parties ' minor children . "		how old are his children ?		how old are jack white and karen elson 's children ?
jack white		relationships		who has jack white dated ?		jack and meg married on september 21 , 1996 and divorced on march 24 , 2000 .		who else has he dated ?		he had a brief relationship with actress renee zellweger , whom he met during the filming of cold mountain .		has he remarried ?		white met british model karen elson when she appeared in the white stripes music video for " blue orchid " .		how long were they married ?		they married on june 1 , 2005 , in manaus , brazil .		are they still married ?		the couple announced their intention to divorce in june 2011 , throwing " a positive swing bang humdinger " party to commemorate the split .		who is he dating now ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		judge barred white from having " any contact with karen elson whatsoever except as it relates to parenting time with the parties ' minor children . "		how old are his children ?		in 2006 , the couple had a daughter scarlett teresa . their second child , son henry lee , was born in 2007 .		is there anyone else he as dated ?		besides karen elson , renee zellweger , and meg , is there anyone else jack white has dated ?
native american name controversy		" first nations " ( since the 1980s )		what was the first nations ?		what was the first nations ?
native american name controversy		" first nations " ( since the 1980s )		what was the first nations ?		first nations " came into common usage in the 1980s to replace the term " indian band		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides the term " first nations " coming into common usage in the 1980s , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
native american name controversy		" first nations " ( since the 1980s )		what was the first nations ?		first nations " came into common usage in the 1980s to replace the term " indian band		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		others state that the term came into common usage in the 1970s to avoid using the word " indian " , which some people considered offensive .		why did they refer to it as offensive ?		why did some people refer to the word " indian " as offensive ?
native american name controversy		" first nations " ( since the 1980s )		what was the first nations ?		first nations " came into common usage in the 1980s to replace the term " indian band		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		others state that the term came into common usage in the 1970s to avoid using the word " indian " , which some people considered offensive .		why did they refer to it as offensive ?		i do n't know .		was there anything else written on this ?		other than some people considering the word " indian " offensive , was there anything written about the term " first nations : ?
native american name controversy		" first nations " ( since the 1980s )		what was the first nations ?		first nations " came into common usage in the 1980s to replace the term " indian band		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		others state that the term came into common usage in the 1970s to avoid using the word " indian " , which some people considered offensive .		why did they refer to it as offensive ?		i do n't know .		was there anything else written on this ?		some tribal governments of canada also use the term " first nations " to refer to any indigenous , tribal or nomadic society ,		ae other terms used ?		are terms besides " first nations " used to describe native people ?
native american name controversy		" first nations " ( since the 1980s )		what was the first nations ?		first nations " came into common usage in the 1980s to replace the term " indian band		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		others state that the term came into common usage in the 1970s to avoid using the word " indian " , which some people considered offensive .		why did they refer to it as offensive ?		i do n't know .		was there anything else written on this ?		some tribal governments of canada also use the term " first nations " to refer to any indigenous , tribal or nomadic society ,		ae other terms used ?		using the term for such diverse groups as the romani , saami , maori , hmong , and the australian aborigines .		are any of these still used today ?		are any terms besides " first nations " still used today ?
richard branson		record business		when did his record business start ?		when did richard branson 's record business start ?
richard branson		record business		when did his record business start ?		branson in 1972 launched the record label virgin records with nik powell ,		what is the name of his record business ?		what is the name of branson 's record business ?
richard branson		record business		when did his record business start ?		branson in 1972 launched the record label virgin records with nik powell ,		what is the name of his record business ?		virgin records		why did he choose the name virgin ?		why did branson choose the name virgin ?
richard branson		record business		when did his record business start ?		branson in 1972 launched the record label virgin records with nik powell ,		what is the name of his record business ?		virgin records		why did he choose the name virgin ?		the name " virgin " was suggested by one of branson 's early employees because they were all new at business .		what bands did they sign ?		what bands did virgin records sign ?
richard branson		record business		when did his record business start ?		branson in 1972 launched the record label virgin records with nik powell ,		what is the name of his record business ?		virgin records		why did he choose the name virgin ?		the name " virgin " was suggested by one of branson 's early employees because they were all new at business .		what bands did they sign ?		virgin signed such controversial bands as the sex pistols ,		any other bands ?		other than the sex pistols , did virgin records sign any other bands ?
richard branson		record business		when did his record business start ?		branson in 1972 launched the record label virgin records with nik powell ,		what is the name of his record business ?		virgin records		why did he choose the name virgin ?		the name " virgin " was suggested by one of branson 's early employees because they were all new at business .		what bands did they sign ?		virgin signed such controversial bands as the sex pistols ,		any other bands ?		virgin records would go on to sign other artists including the rolling stones , peter gabriel , ub40 , steve winwood and paula abdul ,		where was virgin located ?		where was virgin located ?
richard branson		record business		when did his record business start ?		branson in 1972 launched the record label virgin records with nik powell ,		what is the name of his record business ?		virgin records		why did he choose the name virgin ?		the name " virgin " was suggested by one of branson 's early employees because they were all new at business .		what bands did they sign ?		virgin signed such controversial bands as the sex pistols ,		any other bands ?		virgin records would go on to sign other artists including the rolling stones , peter gabriel , ub40 , steve winwood and paula abdul ,		where was virgin located ?		branson eventually started a record shop in oxford street in london .		what is a notable fact about his record business ?		what is a notable fact about branson 's record business ?
richard branson		record business		when did his record business start ?		branson in 1972 launched the record label virgin records with nik powell ,		what is the name of his record business ?		virgin records		why did he choose the name virgin ?		the name " virgin " was suggested by one of branson 's early employees because they were all new at business .		what bands did they sign ?		virgin signed such controversial bands as the sex pistols ,		any other bands ?		virgin records would go on to sign other artists including the rolling stones , peter gabriel , ub40 , steve winwood and paula abdul ,		where was virgin located ?		branson eventually started a record shop in oxford street in london .		what is a notable fact about his record business ?		to become the world 's largest independent record label .		does he still have virgin records ?		does branson still have virgin records ?
richard branson		record business		when did his record business start ?		branson in 1972 launched the record label virgin records with nik powell ,		what is the name of his record business ?		virgin records		why did he choose the name virgin ?		the name " virgin " was suggested by one of branson 's early employees because they were all new at business .		what bands did they sign ?		virgin signed such controversial bands as the sex pistols ,		any other bands ?		virgin records would go on to sign other artists including the rolling stones , peter gabriel , ub40 , steve winwood and paula abdul ,		where was virgin located ?		branson eventually started a record shop in oxford street in london .		what is a notable fact about his record business ?		to become the world 's largest independent record label .		does he still have virgin records ?		branson sold the virgin label to emi for ps500 million .		what other music companies does he own ?		other than virgin records , what other music companies does branson own ?
richard branson		record business		when did his record business start ?		branson in 1972 launched the record label virgin records with nik powell ,		what is the name of his record business ?		virgin records		why did he choose the name virgin ?		the name " virgin " was suggested by one of branson 's early employees because they were all new at business .		what bands did they sign ?		virgin signed such controversial bands as the sex pistols ,		any other bands ?		virgin records would go on to sign other artists including the rolling stones , peter gabriel , ub40 , steve winwood and paula abdul ,		where was virgin located ?		branson eventually started a record shop in oxford street in london .		what is a notable fact about his record business ?		to become the world 's largest independent record label .		does he still have virgin records ?		branson sold the virgin label to emi for ps500 million .		what other music companies does he own ?		he created v2 records in 1996 in order to re - enter the music business ,		was he also the producer on albums ?		was branson also the producer on albums ?
mario winans		hurt no more ( 2001 - 05 )		what was hurt no more		what was hurt no more
mario winans		hurt no more ( 2001 - 05 )		what was hurt no more		winans recorded his second album hurt no more in 2001 , 2002 , and 2003		was it a success		was " hurt no more " a success ?
mario winans		hurt no more ( 2001 - 05 )		what was hurt no more		winans recorded his second album hurt no more in 2001 , 2002 , and 2003		was it a success		by early june 2004 had reached number 1 on the billboard r&b / hip - hop albums chart ,		did he win any awards for it		did mario winans win any awards for " hurt no more "
mario winans		hurt no more ( 2001 - 05 )		what was hurt no more		winans recorded his second album hurt no more in 2001 , 2002 , and 2003		was it a success		by early june 2004 had reached number 1 on the billboard r&b / hip - hop albums chart ,		did he win any awards for it		i do n't know .		where there any popular singles off of it		were there any popular singles off of " hurt no more " ?
mario winans		hurt no more ( 2001 - 05 )		what was hurt no more		winans recorded his second album hurt no more in 2001 , 2002 , and 2003		was it a success		by early june 2004 had reached number 1 on the billboard r&b / hip - hop albums chart ,		did he win any awards for it		i do n't know .		where there any popular singles off of it		the first single " i do n't wanna know " was based on a sample of the fugees ' 1996 hit single " ready or not " ,		was it popular		was " hurt no more " popular ?
mario winans		hurt no more ( 2001 - 05 )		what was hurt no more		winans recorded his second album hurt no more in 2001 , 2002 , and 2003		was it a success		by early june 2004 had reached number 1 on the billboard r&b / hip - hop albums chart ,		did he win any awards for it		i do n't know .		where there any popular singles off of it		the first single " i do n't wanna know " was based on a sample of the fugees ' 1996 hit single " ready or not " ,		was it popular		by early june 2004 had reached number 1 on the billboard r&b / hip - hop albums chart , number 2 on the billboard 200 ,		how long did it stay number 1		how long did " hurt no more " stay number 1 ?
john dee		personal life		was john married ?		was john dee married ?
john dee		personal life		was john married ?		dee was married three times		did he have children ?		did john dee have children ?
john dee		personal life		was john married ?		dee was married three times		did he have children ?		dee was married three times and had eight children .		who was his first wife ?		who was john dee first wife ?
john dee		personal life		was john married ?		dee was married three times		did he have children ?		dee was married three times and had eight children .		who was his first wife ?		he first married katherine constable in 1565 ; she died in 1574 and their union resulted in no children .		who was his second wife ?		who was john dee second wife ?
john dee		personal life		was john married ?		dee was married three times		did he have children ?		dee was married three times and had eight children .		who was his first wife ?		he first married katherine constable in 1565 ; she died in 1574 and their union resulted in no children .		who was his second wife ?		his second ( also childless ) marriage to an unknown woman lasted only a year until her death in 1576 .		did they have children ?		did john dee and the second wife have children ?
john dee		personal life		was john married ?		dee was married three times		did he have children ?		dee was married three times and had eight children .		who was his first wife ?		he first married katherine constable in 1565 ; she died in 1574 and their union resulted in no children .		who was his second wife ?		his second ( also childless ) marriage to an unknown woman lasted only a year until her death in 1576 .		did they have children ?		his second ( also childless ) marriage		did john attend school ?		did john dee attend school ?
john dee		personal life		was john married ?		dee was married three times		did he have children ?		dee was married three times and had eight children .		who was his first wife ?		he first married katherine constable in 1565 ; she died in 1574 and their union resulted in no children .		who was his second wife ?		his second ( also childless ) marriage to an unknown woman lasted only a year until her death in 1576 .		did they have children ?		his second ( also childless ) marriage		did john attend school ?		i do n't know .		who was john 's third wife ?		who was john dee third wife ?
gene clark		formation of the byrds		when did the byrds form ?		when did the byrds form ?
gene clark		formation of the byrds		when did the byrds form ?		in early 1964 they began to assemble a band that would become the byrds .		who were the original members ?		who were the original members of the byrds ?
gene clark		formation of the byrds		when did the byrds form ?		in early 1964 they began to assemble a band that would become the byrds .		who were the original members ?		fellow folkie and beatles convert jim ( later roger ) mcguinn		anybody else ?		besides jim mcguinn , was anybody else an original member of the byrds ?
gene clark		formation of the byrds		when did the byrds form ?		in early 1964 they began to assemble a band that would become the byrds .		who were the original members ?		fellow folkie and beatles convert jim ( later roger ) mcguinn		anybody else ?		david crosby and became the tambourine and harmonica player . bassist chris hillman		what was his role in the band ?		what was clark 's role in the byrds ?
gene clark		formation of the byrds		when did the byrds form ?		in early 1964 they began to assemble a band that would become the byrds .		who were the original members ?		fellow folkie and beatles convert jim ( later roger ) mcguinn		anybody else ?		david crosby and became the tambourine and harmonica player . bassist chris hillman		what was his role in the band ?		clark wrote or co - wrote many of the byrds ' best - known originals		what songs were those ?		what byrds songs were written or co - written by clark ?
gene clark		formation of the byrds		when did the byrds form ?		in early 1964 they began to assemble a band that would become the byrds .		who were the original members ?		fellow folkie and beatles convert jim ( later roger ) mcguinn		anybody else ?		david crosby and became the tambourine and harmonica player . bassist chris hillman		what was his role in the band ?		clark wrote or co - wrote many of the byrds ' best - known originals		what songs were those ?		" i 'll feel a whole lot better " , " set you free this time " , " here without you " , "		were there more songs he wrote during this time ?		were there more songs clark wrote for the byrds besides " i 'll feel a whole lot better " and " here without you " ?
gene clark		formation of the byrds		when did the byrds form ?		in early 1964 they began to assemble a band that would become the byrds .		who were the original members ?		fellow folkie and beatles convert jim ( later roger ) mcguinn		anybody else ?		david crosby and became the tambourine and harmonica player . bassist chris hillman		what was his role in the band ?		clark wrote or co - wrote many of the byrds ' best - known originals		what songs were those ?		" i 'll feel a whole lot better " , " set you free this time " , " here without you " , "		were there more songs he wrote during this time ?		" , " you wo n't have to cry " , " if you 're gone " , " the world turns all around her " , " she do n't care about time " and " eight miles high " .		did he play any instruments ?		did clark play any instruments in the byrds ?
gene clark		formation of the byrds		when did the byrds form ?		in early 1964 they began to assemble a band that would become the byrds .		who were the original members ?		fellow folkie and beatles convert jim ( later roger ) mcguinn		anybody else ?		david crosby and became the tambourine and harmonica player . bassist chris hillman		what was his role in the band ?		clark wrote or co - wrote many of the byrds ' best - known originals		what songs were those ?		" i 'll feel a whole lot better " , " set you free this time " , " here without you " , "		were there more songs he wrote during this time ?		" , " you wo n't have to cry " , " if you 're gone " , " the world turns all around her " , " she do n't care about time " and " eight miles high " .		did he play any instruments ?		he initially played rhythm guitar in the band , but relinquished that position to david crosby		did they , the byrds , hit it big right away ?		did the byrds hit big right away ?
georg brandes		the modern breakthrough		when was his breakthrough ?		when was georg brandes ' breakthrough ?
georg brandes		the modern breakthrough		when was his breakthrough ?		his famous opening lecture on 3 november 1871 ,		what was the lecture about ?		what was georg brandes ' breakthrough lecture about ?
georg brandes		the modern breakthrough		when was his breakthrough ?		his famous opening lecture on 3 november 1871 ,		what was the lecture about ?		signalled the beginning of his lifelong struggle to modernize danish literature .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than his lifelong struggle to modernize danish literature , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
georg brandes		the modern breakthrough		when was his breakthrough ?		his famous opening lecture on 3 november 1871 ,		what was the lecture about ?		signalled the beginning of his lifelong struggle to modernize danish literature .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in the middle of these polemics , brandes began to issue volumes of the most ambitious of his works , main currents in the literature of the nineteenth century ,		were they successful ?		were volumes of main currents in the literature of the nineteenth century successful ?
douglas rushkoff		technology and cyberculture		what is rushkoffs connection to cyberculture ?		what is rushkoffs connection to cyberculture ?
douglas rushkoff		technology and cyberculture		what is rushkoffs connection to cyberculture ?		in cyberia , rushkoff states the essence of mid-1990s culture as being the fusion of rave psychedelia , chaos theory and early computer networks .		what technology did rushkoff use ?		what technology did rushkoff use ?
douglas rushkoff		technology and cyberculture		what is rushkoffs connection to cyberculture ?		in cyberia , rushkoff states the essence of mid-1990s culture as being the fusion of rave psychedelia , chaos theory and early computer networks .		what technology did rushkoff use ?		this idea also comes up in the concept of the media virus , which rushkoff details in the 1994 publication of media virus : hidden agendas in popular culture .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than media virus : hidden agendas in popular culture , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
douglas rushkoff		technology and cyberculture		what is rushkoffs connection to cyberculture ?		in cyberia , rushkoff states the essence of mid-1990s culture as being the fusion of rave psychedelia , chaos theory and early computer networks .		what technology did rushkoff use ?		this idea also comes up in the concept of the media virus , which rushkoff details in the 1994 publication of media virus : hidden agendas in popular culture .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		technologies can make our interaction with media an empowering experience if we learn to decode the capabilities offered to us by our media .		did douglas rushkoff say this ?		did douglas rushkoff say " technologies can make our interaction with media an empowering experience if we learn to decode the capabilities offered to us by our media " ?
abu bakr		expedition of tabuk		what happened during the expedition of tabuk ?		what happened during the expedition of tabuk ?
abu bakr		expedition of tabuk		what happened during the expedition of tabuk ?		at tabuk the standard of the army was entrusted to abu bakr .		when did the expedition happen ?		when did the expedition of tabuk happen ?
abu bakr		expedition of tabuk		what happened during the expedition of tabuk ?		at tabuk the standard of the army was entrusted to abu bakr .		when did the expedition happen ?		630 ad		where was tabuk located ?		where was tabuk located ?
abu bakr		expedition of tabuk		what happened during the expedition of tabuk ?		at tabuk the standard of the army was entrusted to abu bakr .		when did the expedition happen ?		630 ad		where was tabuk located ?		tabuk on the syrian border .		what did abu bakr do during the expedition ?		what did abu bakr do during the expedition of tabuk ?
abu bakr		battle of hunayn and ta'if		what was the battle of hunayn ?		what was the battle of hunayn ?
abu bakr		battle of hunayn and ta'if		what was the battle of hunayn ?		in the battle of hunayn as the muslim army passed through the valley of hunayn some eleven miles north east of mecca		what did they do when the reached there ?		what did the muslim army do when the army reached hunayn ?
abu bakr		battle of hunayn and ta'if		what was the battle of hunayn ?		in the battle of hunayn as the muslim army passed through the valley of hunayn some eleven miles north east of mecca		what did they do when the reached there ?		taken unaware the advance guard of the muslim army fled in panic .		then what did they do ?		then what did the muslim army do ?
abu bakr		battle of hunayn and ta'if		what was the battle of hunayn ?		in the battle of hunayn as the muslim army passed through the valley of hunayn some eleven miles north east of mecca		what did they do when the reached there ?		taken unaware the advance guard of the muslim army fled in panic .		then what did they do ?		under the instructions of muhammad , abbas shouted at the top of his voice " o muslims come to the prophet of allah " .		when did the battle happen ?		when did the battle of hunayn happen ?
vanessa williams		music		what is the name of a vanessa william album ?		what is the name of a vanessa william album ?
vanessa williams		music		what is the name of a vanessa william album ?		" the right stuff " ,		when did " the right stuff " come out ?		when did the album " the right stuff " come out ?
vanessa williams		music		what is the name of a vanessa william album ?		" the right stuff " ,		when did " the right stuff " come out ?		four years later in 1988 , williams released her debut album , the right stuff .		what is the name of a song that came from the right stuff album ?		what is the name of a song that came from the right stuff album ?
vanessa williams		music		what is the name of a vanessa william album ?		" the right stuff " ,		when did " the right stuff " come out ?		four years later in 1988 , williams released her debut album , the right stuff .		what is the name of a song that came from the right stuff album ?		" the right stuff " , found success on the r&b chart , while the second single , " he 's got the look " , found similar success on the same chart .		did vanessa collaborate with anyone to make " he 's got the look " ?		did vanessa williams collaborate with anyone to make the song " he 's got the look " ?
gyrgy lukcs		pre - marxist period		what was the pre - marxist period ?		what was the gyrgy lukcs pre - marxist period ?
gyrgy lukcs		pre - marxist period		what was the pre - marxist period ?		in budapest , lukacs was part of socialist intellectual circles		what were the circles called		what were the socialist intellectual circles called where gyrgy lukcs was a part of ?
gyrgy lukcs		pre - marxist period		what was the pre - marxist period ?		in budapest , lukacs was part of socialist intellectual circles		what were the circles called		from 1904 to 1908 , he was part of a theatre troupe that produced modernist , psychologically realistic plays by henrik ibsen , august strindberg , and gerhart hauptmann .		are there any interesting aspects about this article ?		other than pre - marxist period , are there any interesting aspects about this article ?
gyrgy lukcs		pre - marxist period		what was the pre - marxist period ?		in budapest , lukacs was part of socialist intellectual circles		what were the circles called		from 1904 to 1908 , he was part of a theatre troupe that produced modernist , psychologically realistic plays by henrik ibsen , august strindberg , and gerhart hauptmann .		are there any interesting aspects about this article ?		lukacs spent much time in germany ,		why did he spend alot of time in germany		why did gyrgy lukcs spend alot of time in germany
gyrgy lukcs		pre - marxist period		what was the pre - marxist period ?		in budapest , lukacs was part of socialist intellectual circles		what were the circles called		from 1904 to 1908 , he was part of a theatre troupe that produced modernist , psychologically realistic plays by henrik ibsen , august strindberg , and gerhart hauptmann .		are there any interesting aspects about this article ?		lukacs spent much time in germany ,		why did he spend alot of time in germany		studied in berlin from 1906 to 1910 ,		did he go to college ?		did gyrgy lukcs go to college ?
keira knightley		2014-present : film resurgence and broadway		where did keira study at ?		where did keira knightley study ?
keira knightley		2014-present : film resurgence and broadway		where did keira study at ?		i do n't know .		what shows was she in on broadway ?		what shows was keira knightley in on broadway ?
keira knightley		2014-present : film resurgence and broadway		where did keira study at ?		i do n't know .		what shows was she in on broadway ?		knightley made her broadway debut playing the title role in helen edmundson 's adaptation of emile zola 's therese raquin at studio 54 .		what was her most popular role in 2014 ?		what was keira knightley 's most popular role in 2014 ?
keira knightley		2014-present : film resurgence and broadway		where did keira study at ?		i do n't know .		what shows was she in on broadway ?		knightley made her broadway debut playing the title role in helen edmundson 's adaptation of emile zola 's therese raquin at studio 54 .		what was her most popular role in 2014 ?		2014 , for knightley , began with the spy thriller jack ryan : shadow recruit alongside chris pine .		what awards has she won ?		what awards has keira knightley won ?
keira knightley		2014-present : film resurgence and broadway		where did keira study at ?		i do n't know .		what shows was she in on broadway ?		knightley made her broadway debut playing the title role in helen edmundson 's adaptation of emile zola 's therese raquin at studio 54 .		what was her most popular role in 2014 ?		2014 , for knightley , began with the spy thriller jack ryan : shadow recruit alongside chris pine .		what awards has she won ?		knightley received her second academy award nomination , for best supporting actress .		what is her most successful movie after 2014 ?		what is keira knightley 's most successful movie after 2014 ?
keira knightley		2014-present : film resurgence and broadway		where did keira study at ?		i do n't know .		what shows was she in on broadway ?		knightley made her broadway debut playing the title role in helen edmundson 's adaptation of emile zola 's therese raquin at studio 54 .		what was her most popular role in 2014 ?		2014 , for knightley , began with the spy thriller jack ryan : shadow recruit alongside chris pine .		what awards has she won ?		knightley received her second academy award nomination , for best supporting actress .		what is her most successful movie after 2014 ?		the imitation game ,		who directed knightly in the imitation game ?		who directed kiera knightly in the imitation game ?
keira knightley		2014-present : film resurgence and broadway		where did keira study at ?		i do n't know .		what shows was she in on broadway ?		knightley made her broadway debut playing the title role in helen edmundson 's adaptation of emile zola 's therese raquin at studio 54 .		what was her most popular role in 2014 ?		2014 , for knightley , began with the spy thriller jack ryan : shadow recruit alongside chris pine .		what awards has she won ?		knightley received her second academy award nomination , for best supporting actress .		what is her most successful movie after 2014 ?		the imitation game ,		who directed knightly in the imitation game ?		i do n't know .		did the imitation game do well in the box office ?		did the imitation game do well in the box office ?
keira knightley		2014-present : film resurgence and broadway		where did keira study at ?		i do n't know .		what shows was she in on broadway ?		knightley made her broadway debut playing the title role in helen edmundson 's adaptation of emile zola 's therese raquin at studio 54 .		what was her most popular role in 2014 ?		2014 , for knightley , began with the spy thriller jack ryan : shadow recruit alongside chris pine .		what awards has she won ?		knightley received her second academy award nomination , for best supporting actress .		what is her most successful movie after 2014 ?		the imitation game ,		who directed knightly in the imitation game ?		i do n't know .		did the imitation game do well in the box office ?		the imitation game became a critical and commercial success grossing over $ 233.6 million .		what movie was she in in 2015 ?		what movie was keira knightley in in 2015 ?
sarah palin		public image		what was sarah palin 's public image ?		what was sarah palin 's public image ?
sarah palin		public image		what was sarah palin 's public image ?		she was viewed both more favorably and unfavorably among voters than her opponent ,		what were some things that people liked about her ?		what were some things that people liked about sarah palin ?
sarah palin		public image		what was sarah palin 's public image ?		she was viewed both more favorably and unfavorably among voters than her opponent ,		what were some things that people liked about her ?		her religious perspective on public life , her socially conservative views ,		what were some negative thoughts about her ?		what were some negative thoughts about sarah palin ?
sarah palin		public image		what was sarah palin 's public image ?		she was viewed both more favorably and unfavorably among voters than her opponent ,		what were some things that people liked about her ?		her religious perspective on public life , her socially conservative views ,		what were some negative thoughts about her ?		others have said that palin is a " friend of big oil " due to her advocacy of oil exploration and development		did she ever say anything that hurt her image ?		did sarah palin ever say anything that hurt her image ?
sarah palin		public image		what was sarah palin 's public image ?		she was viewed both more favorably and unfavorably among voters than her opponent ,		what were some things that people liked about her ?		her religious perspective on public life , her socially conservative views ,		what were some negative thoughts about her ?		others have said that palin is a " friend of big oil " due to her advocacy of oil exploration and development		did she ever say anything that hurt her image ?		media outlets repeated palin 's statement that she " stood up to big oil "		did the public make a joke out of her ?		did the public make a joke out of sarah palin ?
sarah palin		public image		what was sarah palin 's public image ?		she was viewed both more favorably and unfavorably among voters than her opponent ,		what were some things that people liked about her ?		her religious perspective on public life , her socially conservative views ,		what were some negative thoughts about her ?		others have said that palin is a " friend of big oil " due to her advocacy of oil exploration and development		did she ever say anything that hurt her image ?		media outlets repeated palin 's statement that she " stood up to big oil "		did the public make a joke out of her ?		palin 's experience in foreign and domestic politics came under criticism among conservatives as well as liberals following her nomination .		what was her nomination for ?		what was sarah palin 's nomination for ?
sarah palin		public image		what was sarah palin 's public image ?		she was viewed both more favorably and unfavorably among voters than her opponent ,		what were some things that people liked about her ?		her religious perspective on public life , her socially conservative views ,		what were some negative thoughts about her ?		others have said that palin is a " friend of big oil " due to her advocacy of oil exploration and development		did she ever say anything that hurt her image ?		media outlets repeated palin 's statement that she " stood up to big oil "		did the public make a joke out of her ?		palin 's experience in foreign and domestic politics came under criticism among conservatives as well as liberals following her nomination .		what was her nomination for ?		to become vice president ,		who was she running with ?		who was sarah palin running with ?
sarah palin		public image		what was sarah palin 's public image ?		she was viewed both more favorably and unfavorably among voters than her opponent ,		what were some things that people liked about her ?		her religious perspective on public life , her socially conservative views ,		what were some negative thoughts about her ?		others have said that palin is a " friend of big oil " due to her advocacy of oil exploration and development		did she ever say anything that hurt her image ?		media outlets repeated palin 's statement that she " stood up to big oil "		did the public make a joke out of her ?		palin 's experience in foreign and domestic politics came under criticism among conservatives as well as liberals following her nomination .		what was her nomination for ?		to become vice president ,		who was she running with ?		mccain announced palin as his running mate ,		had she worked in politics for being nominated for vice president ?		had sarah palin worked in politics for being nominated for vice president ?
sarah palin		public image		what was sarah palin 's public image ?		she was viewed both more favorably and unfavorably among voters than her opponent ,		what were some things that people liked about her ?		her religious perspective on public life , her socially conservative views ,		what were some negative thoughts about her ?		others have said that palin is a " friend of big oil " due to her advocacy of oil exploration and development		did she ever say anything that hurt her image ?		media outlets repeated palin 's statement that she " stood up to big oil "		did the public make a joke out of her ?		palin 's experience in foreign and domestic politics came under criticism among conservatives as well as liberals following her nomination .		what was her nomination for ?		to become vice president ,		who was she running with ?		mccain announced palin as his running mate ,		had she worked in politics for being nominated for vice president ?		as governor .		what state was she governor of ?		what state was sarah palin governor of ?
sarah palin		public image		what was sarah palin 's public image ?		she was viewed both more favorably and unfavorably among voters than her opponent ,		what were some things that people liked about her ?		her religious perspective on public life , her socially conservative views ,		what were some negative thoughts about her ?		others have said that palin is a " friend of big oil " due to her advocacy of oil exploration and development		did she ever say anything that hurt her image ?		media outlets repeated palin 's statement that she " stood up to big oil "		did the public make a joke out of her ?		palin 's experience in foreign and domestic politics came under criticism among conservatives as well as liberals following her nomination .		what was her nomination for ?		to become vice president ,		who was she running with ?		mccain announced palin as his running mate ,		had she worked in politics for being nominated for vice president ?		as governor .		what state was she governor of ?		alaska		was there anything else that is notable about her public image ?		aside from being governer of alaska , was there anything else that was notable about sarah palin 's public image ?
alan menken		early career		what did he do after he graduated ?		what did menken 's do after he graduated ?
alan menken		early career		what did he do after he graduated ?		after graduating , menken 's plan was to become either a rock star or a recording artist .		did he follow that plan ?		did menken follow his plan to become a rock star or a recording artist ?
alan menken		early career		what did he do after he graduated ?		after graduating , menken 's plan was to become either a rock star or a recording artist .		did he follow that plan ?		his interest in writing musicals increased when he joined the broadcast music , inc.		what did he do when he joined bmi ?		what did menken do when he joined the bmi ?
alan menken		early career		what did he do after he graduated ?		after graduating , menken 's plan was to become either a rock star or a recording artist .		did he follow that plan ?		his interest in writing musicals increased when he joined the broadcast music , inc.		what did he do when he joined bmi ?		was mentored by lehman engel . from 1974 to 1978 , he showcased various bmi workshop works , such as midnight , apartment house (		did he showcase any other projects during that time ?		what projects did menken showcase other than his work at bmi from 1974 to 1978 ?
alan menken		early career		what did he do after he graduated ?		after graduating , menken 's plan was to become either a rock star or a recording artist .		did he follow that plan ?		his interest in writing musicals increased when he joined the broadcast music , inc.		what did he do when he joined bmi ?		was mentored by lehman engel . from 1974 to 1978 , he showcased various bmi workshop works , such as midnight , apartment house (		did he showcase any other projects during that time ?		he performed his material at clubs like the ballroom , reno sweeny and tramps . "		did he continue to write musicals ?		did menken continue to write musicals after he left bmi ?
alan menken		early career		what did he do after he graduated ?		after graduating , menken 's plan was to become either a rock star or a recording artist .		did he follow that plan ?		his interest in writing musicals increased when he joined the broadcast music , inc.		what did he do when he joined bmi ?		was mentored by lehman engel . from 1974 to 1978 , he showcased various bmi workshop works , such as midnight , apartment house (		did he showcase any other projects during that time ?		he performed his material at clubs like the ballroom , reno sweeny and tramps . "		did he continue to write musicals ?		menken contributed material to revues like new york 's back in town , big apple country , the present tense ( 1977 ) , real life funnies ( off - broadway , 1981 ) ,		did he work on any movies ?		did menken work on any movies ?
alan menken		early career		what did he do after he graduated ?		after graduating , menken 's plan was to become either a rock star or a recording artist .		did he follow that plan ?		his interest in writing musicals increased when he joined the broadcast music , inc.		what did he do when he joined bmi ?		was mentored by lehman engel . from 1974 to 1978 , he showcased various bmi workshop works , such as midnight , apartment house (		did he showcase any other projects during that time ?		he performed his material at clubs like the ballroom , reno sweeny and tramps . "		did he continue to write musicals ?		menken contributed material to revues like new york 's back in town , big apple country , the present tense ( 1977 ) , real life funnies ( off - broadway , 1981 ) ,		did he work on any movies ?		menken contributed music for the film the line ( 1980 ) , directed by robert j. siegel .		did he write anything that was never actually produced ?		did menken write any projects that were not produced ?
alan menken		early career		what did he do after he graduated ?		after graduating , menken 's plan was to become either a rock star or a recording artist .		did he follow that plan ?		his interest in writing musicals increased when he joined the broadcast music , inc.		what did he do when he joined bmi ?		was mentored by lehman engel . from 1974 to 1978 , he showcased various bmi workshop works , such as midnight , apartment house (		did he showcase any other projects during that time ?		he performed his material at clubs like the ballroom , reno sweeny and tramps . "		did he continue to write musicals ?		menken contributed material to revues like new york 's back in town , big apple country , the present tense ( 1977 ) , real life funnies ( off - broadway , 1981 ) ,		did he work on any movies ?		menken contributed music for the film the line ( 1980 ) , directed by robert j. siegel .		did he write anything that was never actually produced ?		he collaborated with howard ashman in an uncompleted musical called babe ( c. 1981 ) , with tom eyen		did he play any instruments ?		did menken play any instruments ?
juanes		2000 - 03 : fijate bien and un dia normal		what is fijate bien ?		what is fijate bien ?
juanes		2000 - 03 : fijate bien and un dia normal		what is fijate bien ?		juanes released his solo debut fijate bien		what is a single released ?		when is fijate bien released ?
juanes		2000 - 03 : fijate bien and un dia normal		what is fijate bien ?		juanes released his solo debut fijate bien		what is a single released ?		i do n't know .		did the album do well ?		did fijate bien do well ?
juanes		2000 - 03 : fijate bien and un dia normal		what is fijate bien ?		juanes released his solo debut fijate bien		what is a single released ?		i do n't know .		did the album do well ?		the album fared well in colombia , spending ten weeks at the number one position , but was unsuccessful in other countries .		did the album win any awards ?		did fijate bien win any awards ?
juanes		2000 - 03 : fijate bien and un dia normal		what is fijate bien ?		juanes released his solo debut fijate bien		what is a single released ?		i do n't know .		did the album do well ?		the album fared well in colombia , spending ten weeks at the number one position , but was unsuccessful in other countries .		did the album win any awards ?		the album earned him three latin grammys for		did he go on tour ?		did juanes go on tour ?
juanes		2000 - 03 : fijate bien and un dia normal		what is fijate bien ?		juanes released his solo debut fijate bien		what is a single released ?		i do n't know .		did the album do well ?		the album fared well in colombia , spending ten weeks at the number one position , but was unsuccessful in other countries .		did the album win any awards ?		the album earned him three latin grammys for		did he go on tour ?		i do n't know .		did he collaborate with anyone ?		did juanes collaborate with anyone ?
juanes		2000 - 03 : fijate bien and un dia normal		what is fijate bien ?		juanes released his solo debut fijate bien		what is a single released ?		i do n't know .		did the album do well ?		the album fared well in colombia , spending ten weeks at the number one position , but was unsuccessful in other countries .		did the album win any awards ?		the album earned him three latin grammys for		did he go on tour ?		i do n't know .		did he collaborate with anyone ?		duet with portuguese canadian pop singer nelly furtado		what was the song ?		what was the song that juanes collaborated with nelly furtado on ?
manu chao		solo years with radio bemba ( 1995-present )		what was he doing in the 2000s ?		what was chao doing in the 2000s ?
manu chao		solo years with radio bemba ( 1995-present )		what was he doing in the 2000s ?		song " me llaman calle " , written for the 2005 spanish film princesas , earned that film a goya nomination for best original		how successful was radio bemba ?		how successful was radio bemba ?
manu chao		solo years with radio bemba ( 1995-present )		what was he doing in the 2000s ?		song " me llaman calle " , written for the 2005 spanish film princesas , earned that film a goya nomination for best original		how successful was radio bemba ?		i do n't know .		what did he release first in his solo years ?		what did chao release first in his solo years ?
manu chao		solo years with radio bemba ( 1995-present )		what was he doing in the 2000s ?		song " me llaman calle " , written for the 2005 spanish film princesas , earned that film a goya nomination for best original		how successful was radio bemba ?		i do n't know .		what did he release first in his solo years ?		" me llaman calle		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to earning princesas a goya nomination are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
manu chao		solo years with radio bemba ( 1995-present )		what was he doing in the 2000s ?		song " me llaman calle " , written for the 2005 spanish film princesas , earned that film a goya nomination for best original		how successful was radio bemba ?		i do n't know .		what did he release first in his solo years ?		" me llaman calle		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		melody and universal rhythm me llaman calle walks proudly in the shadow		did he earn any other awards or nominations ?		besides goya did chao earn any other awards or nominations ?
john zorn		early life and career		when was zorn born		when was zorn born ?
john zorn		early life and career		when was zorn born		i do n't know .		what year was he born		what year was john zorn born ?
john zorn		early life and career		when was zorn born		i do n't know .		what year was he born		i do n't know .		where did he grow up		where did john zorn grow up ?
john zorn		early life and career		when was zorn born		i do n't know .		what year was he born		i do n't know .		where did he grow up		in new york city		where did he go to school		where did john zorn go to school ?
john zorn		early life and career		when was zorn born		i do n't know .		what year was he born		i do n't know .		where did he grow up		in new york city		where did he go to school		zorn attended the united nations international school		what did he spent his days doing doing his childhood		what did john zorn spent his days doing during his childhood ?
john zorn		early life and career		when was zorn born		i do n't know .		what year was he born		i do n't know .		where did he grow up		in new york city		where did he go to school		zorn attended the united nations international school		what did he spent his days doing doing his childhood		learned piano , guitar and flute		did he go to college		did john zorn go to college ?
john zorn		early life and career		when was zorn born		i do n't know .		what year was he born		i do n't know .		where did he grow up		in new york city		where did he go to school		zorn attended the united nations international school		what did he spent his days doing doing his childhood		learned piano , guitar and flute		did he go to college		webster college ( now webster university )		what was his degree		what was john zorn 's degree ?
john zorn		early life and career		when was zorn born		i do n't know .		what year was he born		i do n't know .		where did he grow up		in new york city		where did he go to school		zorn attended the united nations international school		what did he spent his days doing doing his childhood		learned piano , guitar and flute		did he go to college		webster college ( now webster university )		what was his degree		he was studying composition		what was his first job		what was john zorn 's first job ?
john zorn		early life and career		when was zorn born		i do n't know .		what year was he born		i do n't know .		where did he grow up		in new york city		where did he go to school		zorn attended the united nations international school		what did he spent his days doing doing his childhood		learned piano , guitar and flute		did he go to college		webster college ( now webster university )		what was his degree		he was studying composition		what was his first job		zorn dropped out of college		what did he do after college		what did john zorn do after college ?
john zorn		early life and career		when was zorn born		i do n't know .		what year was he born		i do n't know .		where did he grow up		in new york city		where did he go to school		zorn attended the united nations international school		what did he spent his days doing doing his childhood		learned piano , guitar and flute		did he go to college		webster college ( now webster university )		what was his degree		he was studying composition		what was his first job		zorn dropped out of college		what did he do after college		following a stint on the west coast , moved to manhattan where he gave concerts in his apartment		did he have a band		did john zorn have a band ?
john zorn		early life and career		when was zorn born		i do n't know .		what year was he born		i do n't know .		where did he grow up		in new york city		where did he go to school		zorn attended the united nations international school		what did he spent his days doing doing his childhood		learned piano , guitar and flute		did he go to college		webster college ( now webster university )		what was his degree		he was studying composition		what was his first job		zorn dropped out of college		what did he do after college		following a stint on the west coast , moved to manhattan where he gave concerts in his apartment		did he have a band		i do n't know .		who was jack smith		who was jack smith
john zorn		early life and career		when was zorn born		i do n't know .		what year was he born		i do n't know .		where did he grow up		in new york city		where did he go to school		zorn attended the united nations international school		what did he spent his days doing doing his childhood		learned piano , guitar and flute		did he go to college		webster college ( now webster university )		what was his degree		he was studying composition		what was his first job		zorn dropped out of college		what did he do after college		following a stint on the west coast , moved to manhattan where he gave concerts in his apartment		did he have a band		i do n't know .		who was jack smith		i do n't know .		what else can you tell me about the art scene		what else can you tell me about the art scene besides jack smith ?
jeanine pirro		2006 u.s. senate campaign		when did she seek office ?		when did pirro seek office ?
jeanine pirro		2006 u.s. senate campaign		when did she seek office ?		on august 10 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would seek the republican nomination to challenge first - term incumbent senator hillary clinton ,		what office was she trying to get ?		what office was pirro trying to get ?
jeanine pirro		2006 u.s. senate campaign		when did she seek office ?		on august 10 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would seek the republican nomination to challenge first - term incumbent senator hillary clinton ,		what office was she trying to get ?		in the 2006 election for u.s. senator from new york .		who did she run against on the republican side ?		who did pirro run against on the republican side ?
jeanine pirro		2006 u.s. senate campaign		when did she seek office ?		on august 10 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would seek the republican nomination to challenge first - term incumbent senator hillary clinton ,		what office was she trying to get ?		in the 2006 election for u.s. senator from new york .		who did she run against on the republican side ?		other republicans who announced campaigns for the nomination were john spencer , a former mayor of yonkers , william brenner , an attorney in sullivan county , and attorney edward cox ,		what happened during her campaign ?		what happened during pirro 's campaign ?
jeanine pirro		2006 u.s. senate campaign		when did she seek office ?		on august 10 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would seek the republican nomination to challenge first - term incumbent senator hillary clinton ,		what office was she trying to get ?		in the 2006 election for u.s. senator from new york .		who did she run against on the republican side ?		other republicans who announced campaigns for the nomination were john spencer , a former mayor of yonkers , william brenner , an attorney in sullivan county , and attorney edward cox ,		what happened during her campaign ?		in a widely publicized moment when she was declaring her candidacy , pirro misplaced page 10 of her speech and went silent for 32 seconds ,		was she embarrassed ?		was pirro embarrassed ?
jeanine pirro		2006 u.s. senate campaign		when did she seek office ?		on august 10 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would seek the republican nomination to challenge first - term incumbent senator hillary clinton ,		what office was she trying to get ?		in the 2006 election for u.s. senator from new york .		who did she run against on the republican side ?		other republicans who announced campaigns for the nomination were john spencer , a former mayor of yonkers , william brenner , an attorney in sullivan county , and attorney edward cox ,		what happened during her campaign ?		in a widely publicized moment when she was declaring her candidacy , pirro misplaced page 10 of her speech and went silent for 32 seconds ,		was she embarrassed ?		something that is widely considered to have damaged her campaign before it even started .		what happened with the senate campaign ?		what happened with the senate campaign ?
jeanine pirro		2006 u.s. senate campaign		when did she seek office ?		on august 10 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would seek the republican nomination to challenge first - term incumbent senator hillary clinton ,		what office was she trying to get ?		in the 2006 election for u.s. senator from new york .		who did she run against on the republican side ?		other republicans who announced campaigns for the nomination were john spencer , a former mayor of yonkers , william brenner , an attorney in sullivan county , and attorney edward cox ,		what happened during her campaign ?		in a widely publicized moment when she was declaring her candidacy , pirro misplaced page 10 of her speech and went silent for 32 seconds ,		was she embarrassed ?		something that is widely considered to have damaged her campaign before it even started .		what happened with the senate campaign ?		on december 21 , 2005 , pirro dropped out of the senate race after continuing pressure from party chiefs .		what issues was the campaign having ?		what issues was the campaign having ?
jeanine pirro		2006 u.s. senate campaign		when did she seek office ?		on august 10 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would seek the republican nomination to challenge first - term incumbent senator hillary clinton ,		what office was she trying to get ?		in the 2006 election for u.s. senator from new york .		who did she run against on the republican side ?		other republicans who announced campaigns for the nomination were john spencer , a former mayor of yonkers , william brenner , an attorney in sullivan county , and attorney edward cox ,		what happened during her campaign ?		in a widely publicized moment when she was declaring her candidacy , pirro misplaced page 10 of her speech and went silent for 32 seconds ,		was she embarrassed ?		something that is widely considered to have damaged her campaign before it even started .		what happened with the senate campaign ?		on december 21 , 2005 , pirro dropped out of the senate race after continuing pressure from party chiefs .		what issues was the campaign having ?		this decision was reached after a lagging fundraising effort and polls that showed she would be easily defeated by clinton (		did she speak after dropping out ?		did pirro speak after dropping out ?
jeanine pirro		2006 u.s. senate campaign		when did she seek office ?		on august 10 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would seek the republican nomination to challenge first - term incumbent senator hillary clinton ,		what office was she trying to get ?		in the 2006 election for u.s. senator from new york .		who did she run against on the republican side ?		other republicans who announced campaigns for the nomination were john spencer , a former mayor of yonkers , william brenner , an attorney in sullivan county , and attorney edward cox ,		what happened during her campaign ?		in a widely publicized moment when she was declaring her candidacy , pirro misplaced page 10 of her speech and went silent for 32 seconds ,		was she embarrassed ?		something that is widely considered to have damaged her campaign before it even started .		what happened with the senate campaign ?		on december 21 , 2005 , pirro dropped out of the senate race after continuing pressure from party chiefs .		what issues was the campaign having ?		this decision was reached after a lagging fundraising effort and polls that showed she would be easily defeated by clinton (		did she speak after dropping out ?		she said " i have decided that my law enforcement background better qualifies me for a race for new york state attorney general than a race for the united states senate .		is there anything else she did ?		besides racing for new york state attorney general is there anything else pirro did ?
jeanine pirro		2006 u.s. senate campaign		when did she seek office ?		on august 10 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would seek the republican nomination to challenge first - term incumbent senator hillary clinton ,		what office was she trying to get ?		in the 2006 election for u.s. senator from new york .		who did she run against on the republican side ?		other republicans who announced campaigns for the nomination were john spencer , a former mayor of yonkers , william brenner , an attorney in sullivan county , and attorney edward cox ,		what happened during her campaign ?		in a widely publicized moment when she was declaring her candidacy , pirro misplaced page 10 of her speech and went silent for 32 seconds ,		was she embarrassed ?		something that is widely considered to have damaged her campaign before it even started .		what happened with the senate campaign ?		on december 21 , 2005 , pirro dropped out of the senate race after continuing pressure from party chiefs .		what issues was the campaign having ?		this decision was reached after a lagging fundraising effort and polls that showed she would be easily defeated by clinton (		did she speak after dropping out ?		she said " i have decided that my law enforcement background better qualifies me for a race for new york state attorney general than a race for the united states senate .		is there anything else she did ?		during an appearance at the crime victims resource center , pirro described herself this way : " i am red on fiscal policy . i am conservative and i support the bush tax cut .		what else did she support ?		in addition to supporting the bush tax cut what else did pirro support ?
jeanine pirro		2006 u.s. senate campaign		when did she seek office ?		on august 10 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would seek the republican nomination to challenge first - term incumbent senator hillary clinton ,		what office was she trying to get ?		in the 2006 election for u.s. senator from new york .		who did she run against on the republican side ?		other republicans who announced campaigns for the nomination were john spencer , a former mayor of yonkers , william brenner , an attorney in sullivan county , and attorney edward cox ,		what happened during her campaign ?		in a widely publicized moment when she was declaring her candidacy , pirro misplaced page 10 of her speech and went silent for 32 seconds ,		was she embarrassed ?		something that is widely considered to have damaged her campaign before it even started .		what happened with the senate campaign ?		on december 21 , 2005 , pirro dropped out of the senate race after continuing pressure from party chiefs .		what issues was the campaign having ?		this decision was reached after a lagging fundraising effort and polls that showed she would be easily defeated by clinton (		did she speak after dropping out ?		she said " i have decided that my law enforcement background better qualifies me for a race for new york state attorney general than a race for the united states senate .		is there anything else she did ?		during an appearance at the crime victims resource center , pirro described herself this way : " i am red on fiscal policy . i am conservative and i support the bush tax cut .		what else did she support ?		" i have broad blue stripes when it comes to social issues ... i am a woman who is a moderate in new york . "		who were her supporters ?		who were pirro 's supporters ?
jeanine pirro		2006 u.s. senate campaign		when did she seek office ?		on august 10 , 2005 , pirro announced that she would seek the republican nomination to challenge first - term incumbent senator hillary clinton ,		what office was she trying to get ?		in the 2006 election for u.s. senator from new york .		who did she run against on the republican side ?		other republicans who announced campaigns for the nomination were john spencer , a former mayor of yonkers , william brenner , an attorney in sullivan county , and attorney edward cox ,		what happened during her campaign ?		in a widely publicized moment when she was declaring her candidacy , pirro misplaced page 10 of her speech and went silent for 32 seconds ,		was she embarrassed ?		something that is widely considered to have damaged her campaign before it even started .		what happened with the senate campaign ?		on december 21 , 2005 , pirro dropped out of the senate race after continuing pressure from party chiefs .		what issues was the campaign having ?		this decision was reached after a lagging fundraising effort and polls that showed she would be easily defeated by clinton (		did she speak after dropping out ?		she said " i have decided that my law enforcement background better qualifies me for a race for new york state attorney general than a race for the united states senate .		is there anything else she did ?		during an appearance at the crime victims resource center , pirro described herself this way : " i am red on fiscal policy . i am conservative and i support the bush tax cut .		what else did she support ?		" i have broad blue stripes when it comes to social issues ... i am a woman who is a moderate in new york . "		who were her supporters ?		republican governor george pataki 's		did she have other supporters ?		besides republican governor george pataki 's did pirro have other supporters ?
dennis rodman		post - nba career		what did rodman do after leaving the nba		what did rodman do after leaving the nba
dennis rodman		post - nba career		what did rodman do after leaving the nba		after his nba career , rodman took a long break from basketball and concentrated on his film career and on wrestling .		what films has he been in		what films has dennis rodman been in ?
dennis rodman		post - nba career		what did rodman do after leaving the nba		after his nba career , rodman took a long break from basketball and concentrated on his film career and on wrestling .		what films has he been in		i do n't know .		was his film career a success		was dennis rodman 's film career a success ?
dennis rodman		post - nba career		what did rodman do after leaving the nba		after his nba career , rodman took a long break from basketball and concentrated on his film career and on wrestling .		what films has he been in		i do n't know .		was his film career a success		i do n't know .		what did he have to do with wrestling		what did dennis rodman have to do with wrestling ?
dennis rodman		post - nba career		what did rodman do after leaving the nba		after his nba career , rodman took a long break from basketball and concentrated on his film career and on wrestling .		what films has he been in		i do n't know .		was his film career a success		i do n't know .		what did he have to do with wrestling		i do n't know .		how did he do in his return		how did dennis rodman do in his return to basketball ?
dennis rodman		post - nba career		what did rodman do after leaving the nba		after his nba career , rodman took a long break from basketball and concentrated on his film career and on wrestling .		what films has he been in		i do n't know .		was his film career a success		i do n't know .		what did he have to do with wrestling		i do n't know .		how did he do in his return		he did help the jam win the aba championship in their inaugural season . he also played in mexico , with fuerza regia in 2004 .		did he get any special recognition		did dennis rodman get any special recognition ?
dennis rodman		post - nba career		what did rodman do after leaving the nba		after his nba career , rodman took a long break from basketball and concentrated on his film career and on wrestling .		what films has he been in		i do n't know .		was his film career a success		i do n't know .		what did he have to do with wrestling		i do n't know .		how did he do in his return		he did help the jam win the aba championship in their inaugural season . he also played in mexico , with fuerza regia in 2004 .		did he get any special recognition		on april 4 , 2011 , it was announced that rodman would be inducted into the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame .		are there any other interesting things that happened during this time		aside from film and wrestling , are there any other interesting things that happened after rodman 's nba career ?
dennis rodman		post - nba career		what did rodman do after leaving the nba		after his nba career , rodman took a long break from basketball and concentrated on his film career and on wrestling .		what films has he been in		i do n't know .		was his film career a success		i do n't know .		what did he have to do with wrestling		i do n't know .		how did he do in his return		he did help the jam win the aba championship in their inaugural season . he also played in mexico , with fuerza regia in 2004 .		did he get any special recognition		on april 4 , 2011 , it was announced that rodman would be inducted into the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame .		are there any other interesting things that happened during this time		played in mexico , with fuerza regia in 2004 . in the following 2004 - 05 season , he signed with the aba 's orange county crush and the following season with the league 's tijuana dragons .		how long did he play in the aba		how long did dennis rodman play in the aba ?
dennis rodman		post - nba career		what did rodman do after leaving the nba		after his nba career , rodman took a long break from basketball and concentrated on his film career and on wrestling .		what films has he been in		i do n't know .		was his film career a success		i do n't know .		what did he have to do with wrestling		i do n't know .		how did he do in his return		he did help the jam win the aba championship in their inaugural season . he also played in mexico , with fuerza regia in 2004 .		did he get any special recognition		on april 4 , 2011 , it was announced that rodman would be inducted into the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame .		are there any other interesting things that happened during this time		played in mexico , with fuerza regia in 2004 . in the following 2004 - 05 season , he signed with the aba 's orange county crush and the following season with the league 's tijuana dragons .		how long did he play in the aba		in november 2005 , he played one match for torpan pojat of the finland 's basketball league , korisliiga .		did they win		did torpan pojat win the match rodman played in ?
william thomson , 1st baron kelvin		disaster and triumph		what was the disaster ?		what was the william thomson disaster ?
william thomson , 1st baron kelvin		disaster and triumph		what was the disaster ?		the cable was lost after 1,200 miles ( 1,900 km ) had been laid and the expedition had to be abandoned .		in what year did this happen ?		in what year did the william thomson disaster happen ?
william thomson , 1st baron kelvin		disaster and triumph		what was the disaster ?		the cable was lost after 1,200 miles ( 1,900 km ) had been laid and the expedition had to be abandoned .		in what year did this happen ?		in july 1865 ,		what happened after the expedition was abandoned ?		what happened after the july 1865 william thomson expedition was abandoned ?
william thomson , 1st baron kelvin		disaster and triumph		what was the disaster ?		the cable was lost after 1,200 miles ( 1,900 km ) had been laid and the expedition had to be abandoned .		in what year did this happen ?		in july 1865 ,		what happened after the expedition was abandoned ?		a joint committee of inquiry was established by the board of trade and the atlantic telegraph company .		what was the triumph ?		what was the triumph of william thomson ?
coldplay		2002 - 2004 : a rush of blood to the head		is " a rush of blood to the head " their album name ?		is " a rush of blood to the head " coldplay 's album name ?
coldplay		2002 - 2004 : a rush of blood to the head		is " a rush of blood to the head " their album name ?		their second album , a rush of blood to the head ,		when was the album released ?		when was a rush of blood to the head released ?
coldplay		2002 - 2004 : a rush of blood to the head		is " a rush of blood to the head " their album name ?		their second album , a rush of blood to the head ,		when was the album released ?		the album was released in august 2002		who were the band members when the album was released ?		who were the band members when a rush of blood to the head was released ?
coldplay		2002 - 2004 : a rush of blood to the head		is " a rush of blood to the head " their album name ?		their second album , a rush of blood to the head ,		when was the album released ?		the album was released in august 2002		who were the band members when the album was released ?		chris martin		how many songs were in the album ?		how many songs were in the a rush of blood to the head ?
coldplay		2002 - 2004 : a rush of blood to the head		is " a rush of blood to the head " their album name ?		their second album , a rush of blood to the head ,		when was the album released ?		the album was released in august 2002		who were the band members when the album was released ?		chris martin		how many songs were in the album ?		the band wrote more than 20 songs for the album .		how many disks did the album sell ?		how many disks did a rush of blood to the head sell ?
coldplay		2002 - 2004 : a rush of blood to the head		is " a rush of blood to the head " their album name ?		their second album , a rush of blood to the head ,		when was the album released ?		the album was released in august 2002		who were the band members when the album was released ?		chris martin		how many songs were in the album ?		the band wrote more than 20 songs for the album .		how many disks did the album sell ?		i do n't know .		what did they gain from that album ?		what did coldplay gain from a rush of blood to the head ?
coldplay		2002 - 2004 : a rush of blood to the head		is " a rush of blood to the head " their album name ?		their second album , a rush of blood to the head ,		when was the album released ?		the album was released in august 2002		who were the band members when the album was released ?		chris martin		how many songs were in the album ?		the band wrote more than 20 songs for the album .		how many disks did the album sell ?		i do n't know .		what did they gain from that album ?		won the grammy award for best alternative music album at the 2003 grammy awards . at the 2004 grammy awards , coldplay earned record of the year		did coldplay sign with someone bigger because of that album ?		did coldplay sign with someone bigger because of a rush of blood to the head ?
sylvia plath		college years and depression		where did plath attend college ?		where did sylvia plath attend college ?
sylvia plath		college years and depression		where did plath attend college ?		in 1950 , plath attended smith college and excelled academically .		what did she study ?		what did sylvia plath study ?
sylvia plath		college years and depression		where did plath attend college ?		in 1950 , plath attended smith college and excelled academically .		what did she study ?		i do n't know .		did she attend any other schools ?		aside from smith college , did sylvia plath attend any other schools ?
sylvia plath		college years and depression		where did plath attend college ?		in 1950 , plath attended smith college and excelled academically .		what did she study ?		i do n't know .		did she attend any other schools ?		smith college		what was significant about her college years ?		what was significant about sylvia plath 's college years ?
sylvia plath		college years and depression		where did plath attend college ?		in 1950 , plath attended smith college and excelled academically .		what did she study ?		i do n't know .		did she attend any other schools ?		smith college		what was significant about her college years ?		the experience was not what she had hoped it would be , and it began a downward spiral . she was furious at not being at a meeting the editor		what editor did she want to meet ?		what editor did sylvia plath want to meet ?
sylvia plath		college years and depression		where did plath attend college ?		in 1950 , plath attended smith college and excelled academically .		what did she study ?		i do n't know .		did she attend any other schools ?		smith college		what was significant about her college years ?		the experience was not what she had hoped it would be , and it began a downward spiral . she was furious at not being at a meeting the editor		what editor did she want to meet ?		a coveted position as guest editor at mademoiselle magazine ,		why were they unable to meet ?		why was the guest editor at mademoiselle magazine unable to meet sylvia plath ?
sylvia plath		college years and depression		where did plath attend college ?		in 1950 , plath attended smith college and excelled academically .		what did she study ?		i do n't know .		did she attend any other schools ?		smith college		what was significant about her college years ?		the experience was not what she had hoped it would be , and it began a downward spiral . she was furious at not being at a meeting the editor		what editor did she want to meet ?		a coveted position as guest editor at mademoiselle magazine ,		why were they unable to meet ?		she hung around the white horse tavern and the chelsea hotel for two days , hoping to meet thomas , but he was already on his way home .		how did her depression affect her ?		how did sylvia plath 's depression affect her ?
sylvia plath		college years and depression		where did plath attend college ?		in 1950 , plath attended smith college and excelled academically .		what did she study ?		i do n't know .		did she attend any other schools ?		smith college		what was significant about her college years ?		the experience was not what she had hoped it would be , and it began a downward spiral . she was furious at not being at a meeting the editor		what editor did she want to meet ?		a coveted position as guest editor at mademoiselle magazine ,		why were they unable to meet ?		she hung around the white horse tavern and the chelsea hotel for two days , hoping to meet thomas , but he was already on his way home .		how did her depression affect her ?		a few weeks later , she slashed her legs to see if she had enough " courage " to commit suicide .		was she ever hospitalized ?		was sylvia plath ever hospitalized ?
sylvia plath		college years and depression		where did plath attend college ?		in 1950 , plath attended smith college and excelled academically .		what did she study ?		i do n't know .		did she attend any other schools ?		smith college		what was significant about her college years ?		the experience was not what she had hoped it would be , and it began a downward spiral . she was furious at not being at a meeting the editor		what editor did she want to meet ?		a coveted position as guest editor at mademoiselle magazine ,		why were they unable to meet ?		she hung around the white horse tavern and the chelsea hotel for two days , hoping to meet thomas , but he was already on his way home .		how did her depression affect her ?		a few weeks later , she slashed her legs to see if she had enough " courage " to commit suicide .		was she ever hospitalized ?		following electroconvulsive therapy for depression , plath made her first medically documented suicide attempt in late august 1953 by crawling under her house and taking her mother 's sleeping pills .		were there more suicide attempts ?		apart from sylvia plath 's suicide attempt in late august 1953 , were there more suicide attempts ?
sylvia plath		college years and depression		where did plath attend college ?		in 1950 , plath attended smith college and excelled academically .		what did she study ?		i do n't know .		did she attend any other schools ?		smith college		what was significant about her college years ?		the experience was not what she had hoped it would be , and it began a downward spiral . she was furious at not being at a meeting the editor		what editor did she want to meet ?		a coveted position as guest editor at mademoiselle magazine ,		why were they unable to meet ?		she hung around the white horse tavern and the chelsea hotel for two days , hoping to meet thomas , but he was already on his way home .		how did her depression affect her ?		a few weeks later , she slashed her legs to see if she had enough " courage " to commit suicide .		was she ever hospitalized ?		following electroconvulsive therapy for depression , plath made her first medically documented suicide attempt in late august 1953 by crawling under her house and taking her mother 's sleeping pills .		were there more suicide attempts ?		she survived this first suicide attempt after lying unfound in a crawl space for three days , later writing that she " blissfully succumbed to the whirling blackness		did she write any poems during college ?		did sylvia plath write any poems during college ?
fausto coppi		rivalry with bartali		when did the rivalry with bartali start ?		when did fausto coppi ' rivalry with bartali start ?
fausto coppi		rivalry with bartali		when did the rivalry with bartali start ?		bartali , conservative , religious , was venerated in the rural , agrarian south , while coppi , more worldly , secular , innovative		why were they rivals ?		why were fausto coppi and bartali rivals ?
fausto coppi		rivalry with bartali		when did the rivalry with bartali start ?		bartali , conservative , religious , was venerated in the rural , agrarian south , while coppi , more worldly , secular , innovative		why were they rivals ?		while coppi , more worldly , secular , innovative in diet and training , was hero of the industrial north .		did coppi address the rivalry ?		did coppi address the rivalry with bartali ?
fausto coppi		rivalry with bartali		when did the rivalry with bartali start ?		bartali , conservative , religious , was venerated in the rural , agrarian south , while coppi , more worldly , secular , innovative		why were they rivals ?		while coppi , more worldly , secular , innovative in diet and training , was hero of the industrial north .		did coppi address the rivalry ?		i do n't know .		who won the race on that day ?		who won the race between fausto coppi and bartali ?
fausto coppi		rivalry with bartali		when did the rivalry with bartali start ?		bartali , conservative , religious , was venerated in the rural , agrarian south , while coppi , more worldly , secular , innovative		why were they rivals ?		while coppi , more worldly , secular , innovative in diet and training , was hero of the industrial north .		did coppi address the rivalry ?		i do n't know .		who won the race on that day ?		their rivalry started when coppi , the helping hand , won the giro and bartali , the star , marshalled the team to chase .		did they race each other again after that day ?		did fausto coppi and bartali race each other again after the giro race ?
fausto coppi		rivalry with bartali		when did the rivalry with bartali start ?		bartali , conservative , religious , was venerated in the rural , agrarian south , while coppi , more worldly , secular , innovative		why were they rivals ?		while coppi , more worldly , secular , innovative in diet and training , was hero of the industrial north .		did coppi address the rivalry ?		i do n't know .		who won the race on that day ?		their rivalry started when coppi , the helping hand , won the giro and bartali , the star , marshalled the team to chase .		did they race each other again after that day ?		thinking only of their personal rivalry , they abandoned the race , to the approbation of all sportsmen " . they were suspended for three months .		did the rivalry continue after the suspension ?		did the rivalry between fausto coppi and bartali continue after the suspension from the approbation of all sportsmen race ?
fausto coppi		rivalry with bartali		when did the rivalry with bartali start ?		bartali , conservative , religious , was venerated in the rural , agrarian south , while coppi , more worldly , secular , innovative		why were they rivals ?		while coppi , more worldly , secular , innovative in diet and training , was hero of the industrial north .		did coppi address the rivalry ?		i do n't know .		who won the race on that day ?		their rivalry started when coppi , the helping hand , won the giro and bartali , the star , marshalled the team to chase .		did they race each other again after that day ?		thinking only of their personal rivalry , they abandoned the race , to the approbation of all sportsmen " . they were suspended for three months .		did the rivalry continue after the suspension ?		" , bartali insisted . " he never gave me anything " . their rivalry was the subject of intense coverage and resulted in epic races .		did they become friends after the rivalry ended ?		did fausto coppi and bartali become friends after the rivalry ended ?
fausto coppi		rivalry with bartali		when did the rivalry with bartali start ?		bartali , conservative , religious , was venerated in the rural , agrarian south , while coppi , more worldly , secular , innovative		why were they rivals ?		while coppi , more worldly , secular , innovative in diet and training , was hero of the industrial north .		did coppi address the rivalry ?		i do n't know .		who won the race on that day ?		their rivalry started when coppi , the helping hand , won the giro and bartali , the star , marshalled the team to chase .		did they race each other again after that day ?		thinking only of their personal rivalry , they abandoned the race , to the approbation of all sportsmen " . they were suspended for three months .		did the rivalry continue after the suspension ?		" , bartali insisted . " he never gave me anything " . their rivalry was the subject of intense coverage and resulted in epic races .		did they become friends after the rivalry ended ?		i do n't know .		is there anything else of note about the rivalry ?		besides the races and suspension , is there anything else of note about the fausto coppi and bartali rivalry ?
dwayne johnson		the corporation ( 1998 - 1999 )		what is the corporation		what is the corporation with regards to dwayne johnson ?
dwayne johnson		the corporation ( 1998 - 1999 )		what is the corporation		the rock allied with vince and shane mcmahon as the crown jewel of their stable , the corporation .		what can you tell me about the corporation		what can you tell me about the dwayne johnson 's " the corporation " ?
dwayne johnson		the corporation ( 1998 - 1999 )		what is the corporation		the rock allied with vince and shane mcmahon as the crown jewel of their stable , the corporation .		what can you tell me about the corporation		beginning a feud with triple h , the undertaker and the corporate ministry that saw the rock defeating triple h		what did they do in the corporation		what did the rock , vince and shane mcmahon do in the corporation ?
dwayne johnson		the corporation ( 1998 - 1999 )		what is the corporation		the rock allied with vince and shane mcmahon as the crown jewel of their stable , the corporation .		what can you tell me about the corporation		beginning a feud with triple h , the undertaker and the corporate ministry that saw the rock defeating triple h		what did they do in the corporation		the rock , who then lost the title rematch at backlash : in your house and was thus betrayed by shane mcmahon ,		when did he join the corporation		when did the rock join the corporation ?
dwayne johnson		the corporation ( 1998 - 1999 )		what is the corporation		the rock allied with vince and shane mcmahon as the crown jewel of their stable , the corporation .		what can you tell me about the corporation		beginning a feud with triple h , the undertaker and the corporate ministry that saw the rock defeating triple h		what did they do in the corporation		the rock , who then lost the title rematch at backlash : in your house and was thus betrayed by shane mcmahon ,		when did he join the corporation		on december 13 , 1998		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article besides the date the rock joined the corporation ?
dwayne johnson		the corporation ( 1998 - 1999 )		what is the corporation		the rock allied with vince and shane mcmahon as the crown jewel of their stable , the corporation .		what can you tell me about the corporation		beginning a feud with triple h , the undertaker and the corporate ministry that saw the rock defeating triple h		what did they do in the corporation		the rock , who then lost the title rematch at backlash : in your house and was thus betrayed by shane mcmahon ,		when did he join the corporation		on december 13 , 1998		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the rock 's entertaining promos and ensuing popularity led to a face turn , in which he called himself " the people 's champion " .		did he have any other names during that time		did the rock have any other names during his popularity due to the corporation besides " the people 's champion " ?
dwayne johnson		the corporation ( 1998 - 1999 )		what is the corporation		the rock allied with vince and shane mcmahon as the crown jewel of their stable , the corporation .		what can you tell me about the corporation		beginning a feud with triple h , the undertaker and the corporate ministry that saw the rock defeating triple h		what did they do in the corporation		the rock , who then lost the title rematch at backlash : in your house and was thus betrayed by shane mcmahon ,		when did he join the corporation		on december 13 , 1998		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the rock 's entertaining promos and ensuing popularity led to a face turn , in which he called himself " the people 's champion " .		did he have any other names during that time		i do n't know .		who did he fight against		who did the rock fight against ?
dwayne johnson		the corporation ( 1998 - 1999 )		what is the corporation		the rock allied with vince and shane mcmahon as the crown jewel of their stable , the corporation .		what can you tell me about the corporation		beginning a feud with triple h , the undertaker and the corporate ministry that saw the rock defeating triple h		what did they do in the corporation		the rock , who then lost the title rematch at backlash : in your house and was thus betrayed by shane mcmahon ,		when did he join the corporation		on december 13 , 1998		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the rock 's entertaining promos and ensuing popularity led to a face turn , in which he called himself " the people 's champion " .		did he have any other names during that time		i do n't know .		who did he fight against		the rock defeated mcmahon 's associate , mankind , in the finals of the " deadly game " tournament for the vacant wwf championship		who else did he defeat		who else did the rock defeat aside from mankind ?
dwayne johnson		the corporation ( 1998 - 1999 )		what is the corporation		the rock allied with vince and shane mcmahon as the crown jewel of their stable , the corporation .		what can you tell me about the corporation		beginning a feud with triple h , the undertaker and the corporate ministry that saw the rock defeating triple h		what did they do in the corporation		the rock , who then lost the title rematch at backlash : in your house and was thus betrayed by shane mcmahon ,		when did he join the corporation		on december 13 , 1998		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the rock 's entertaining promos and ensuing popularity led to a face turn , in which he called himself " the people 's champion " .		did he have any other names during that time		i do n't know .		who did he fight against		the rock defeated mcmahon 's associate , mankind , in the finals of the " deadly game " tournament for the vacant wwf championship		who else did he defeat		the rock defeating triple h at over the edge , but then losing to wwf champion the undertaker at king of the ring .		why did the corporation end		why did the corporation end
talcott parsons		amherst college		what did parson studied in amherst college ?		what did talcott parson studied in amherst college ?
talcott parsons		amherst college		what did parson studied in amherst college ?		as an undergraduate , parsons studied biology , sociology and philosophy at amherst college		did his family attended the same school ?		did talcott parson 's family attended amherst college ?
talcott parsons		amherst college		what did parson studied in amherst college ?		as an undergraduate , parsons studied biology , sociology and philosophy at amherst college		did his family attended the same school ?		his father and his uncle frank had attended it , as had his elder brother , charles edward .		who is one of his professor at amherst		who is one of talcott parsons ' professor at amherst
talcott parsons		amherst college		what did parson studied in amherst college ?		as an undergraduate , parsons studied biology , sociology and philosophy at amherst college		did his family attended the same school ?		his father and his uncle frank had attended it , as had his elder brother , charles edward .		who is one of his professor at amherst		parsons ' biology professors at amherst were otto c. glaser and henry plough .		did he go to other schools ?		did talcott parsons go to other schools other than amherst college ?
talcott parsons		amherst college		what did parson studied in amherst college ?		as an undergraduate , parsons studied biology , sociology and philosophy at amherst college		did his family attended the same school ?		his father and his uncle frank had attended it , as had his elder brother , charles edward .		who is one of his professor at amherst		parsons ' biology professors at amherst were otto c. glaser and henry plough .		did he go to other schools ?		i do n't know .		what are his other interest ?		besides biology , what are talcott parsons ' other interest ?
talcott parsons		amherst college		what did parson studied in amherst college ?		as an undergraduate , parsons studied biology , sociology and philosophy at amherst college		did his family attended the same school ?		his father and his uncle frank had attended it , as had his elder brother , charles edward .		who is one of his professor at amherst		parsons ' biology professors at amherst were otto c. glaser and henry plough .		did he go to other schools ?		i do n't know .		what are his other interest ?		parsons showed from early on , a great interest in the topic of philosophy ,		anything else he was interested to ?		other than biology and philosophy , is there anything else talcott parsons was interested in ?
talcott parsons		amherst college		what did parson studied in amherst college ?		as an undergraduate , parsons studied biology , sociology and philosophy at amherst college		did his family attended the same school ?		his father and his uncle frank had attended it , as had his elder brother , charles edward .		who is one of his professor at amherst		parsons ' biology professors at amherst were otto c. glaser and henry plough .		did he go to other schools ?		i do n't know .		what are his other interest ?		parsons showed from early on , a great interest in the topic of philosophy ,		anything else he was interested to ?		parsons also took courses with walton hamilton and the philosopher clarence edwin ayres , both known as " institutional economists . "		did he wrote term papers on the school ?		did talcott parsons write term papers on amherst college ?
talcott parsons		amherst college		what did parson studied in amherst college ?		as an undergraduate , parsons studied biology , sociology and philosophy at amherst college		did his family attended the same school ?		his father and his uncle frank had attended it , as had his elder brother , charles edward .		who is one of his professor at amherst		parsons ' biology professors at amherst were otto c. glaser and henry plough .		did he go to other schools ?		i do n't know .		what are his other interest ?		parsons showed from early on , a great interest in the topic of philosophy ,		anything else he was interested to ?		parsons also took courses with walton hamilton and the philosopher clarence edwin ayres , both known as " institutional economists . "		did he wrote term papers on the school ?		two term papers that parsons wrote as a student for clarence e. ayres 's class in philosophy iii at amherst have survived .		anything else he wrote ?		besides term papers for clarence e. ayres 's philosophy iii class at amherst college , is there anything else talcott parsons wrote ?
talcott parsons		university of heidelberg		when did parsons attend heidelberg ?		when did talcott parsons attend heidelberg ?
talcott parsons		university of heidelberg		when did parsons attend heidelberg ?		parsons went on to the university of heidelberg , where he received his ph.d. in sociology and economics in 1927 .		what was his best work ?		what was parsons best work ?
talcott parsons		university of heidelberg		when did parsons attend heidelberg ?		parsons went on to the university of heidelberg , where he received his ph.d. in sociology and economics in 1927 .		what was his best work ?		parsons read extensively in religious literature , especially works focusing on the sociology of religion .		why was sociology of religion so important ?		why was sociology of religion so important to parsons ?
talcott parsons		university of heidelberg		when did parsons attend heidelberg ?		parsons went on to the university of heidelberg , where he received his ph.d. in sociology and economics in 1927 .		what was his best work ?		parsons read extensively in religious literature , especially works focusing on the sociology of religion .		why was sociology of religion so important ?		one scholar who became especially important for parsons was ernst d. troeltsch ( 1865 - 1923 ) . parsons also read widely on calvinism .		why did he concentrate so much on religious literature ?		why did parsons concentrate so much on religious literature ?
talcott parsons		university of heidelberg		when did parsons attend heidelberg ?		parsons went on to the university of heidelberg , where he received his ph.d. in sociology and economics in 1927 .		what was his best work ?		parsons read extensively in religious literature , especially works focusing on the sociology of religion .		why was sociology of religion so important ?		one scholar who became especially important for parsons was ernst d. troeltsch ( 1865 - 1923 ) . parsons also read widely on calvinism .		why did he concentrate so much on religious literature ?		parsons read extensively in religious literature ,		who were some of his preferred teachers in religious literature ?		who were some of parsons preferred teachers in religious literature ?
talcott parsons		university of heidelberg		when did parsons attend heidelberg ?		parsons went on to the university of heidelberg , where he received his ph.d. in sociology and economics in 1927 .		what was his best work ?		parsons read extensively in religious literature , especially works focusing on the sociology of religion .		why was sociology of religion so important ?		one scholar who became especially important for parsons was ernst d. troeltsch ( 1865 - 1923 ) . parsons also read widely on calvinism .		why did he concentrate so much on religious literature ?		parsons read extensively in religious literature ,		who were some of his preferred teachers in religious literature ?		emile doumerque , eugene choisy , and henri hauser .		did he write about any of them ?		did talcott parsons write about any of religious teacher ?
talcott parsons		university of heidelberg		when did parsons attend heidelberg ?		parsons went on to the university of heidelberg , where he received his ph.d. in sociology and economics in 1927 .		what was his best work ?		parsons read extensively in religious literature , especially works focusing on the sociology of religion .		why was sociology of religion so important ?		one scholar who became especially important for parsons was ernst d. troeltsch ( 1865 - 1923 ) . parsons also read widely on calvinism .		why did he concentrate so much on religious literature ?		parsons read extensively in religious literature ,		who were some of his preferred teachers in religious literature ?		emile doumerque , eugene choisy , and henri hauser .		did he write about any of them ?		parsons later wrote a review article on von schelting 's		did he get along with his professors ?		did talcott parsons get along with the professors ?
andy irvine ( musician )		move to dublin and transition from acting to folk music		why did andy move to dublin ?		why did andy move to dublin ?
andy irvine ( musician )		move to dublin and transition from acting to folk music		why did andy move to dublin ?		when his two - year contract with the bbc 's ' rep ' ended ,		what songs did he release ?		what songs did irvine release ?
andy irvine ( musician )		move to dublin and transition from acting to folk music		why did andy move to dublin ?		when his two - year contract with the bbc 's ' rep ' ended ,		what songs did he release ?		" o'donoghue 's		can you give me some information ?		can you give me some information ?
andy irvine ( musician )		move to dublin and transition from acting to folk music		why did andy move to dublin ?		when his two - year contract with the bbc 's ' rep ' ended ,		what songs did he release ?		" o'donoghue 's		can you give me some information ?		however , he very quickly noticed that a burgeoning folk scene was emerging , centred around the baggot street - merrion quarter of dublin 's city centre .		what is the burgeoning folk scene ?		what is the burgeoning folk scene ?
andy irvine ( musician )		move to dublin and transition from acting to folk music		why did andy move to dublin ?		when his two - year contract with the bbc 's ' rep ' ended ,		what songs did he release ?		" o'donoghue 's		can you give me some information ?		however , he very quickly noticed that a burgeoning folk scene was emerging , centred around the baggot street - merrion quarter of dublin 's city centre .		what is the burgeoning folk scene ?		i do n't know .		who did he meet ?		who did irvine meet ?
andy irvine ( musician )		move to dublin and transition from acting to folk music		why did andy move to dublin ?		when his two - year contract with the bbc 's ' rep ' ended ,		what songs did he release ?		" o'donoghue 's		can you give me some information ?		however , he very quickly noticed that a burgeoning folk scene was emerging , centred around the baggot street - merrion quarter of dublin 's city centre .		what is the burgeoning folk scene ?		i do n't know .		who did he meet ?		ronnie drew , luke kelly and barney mckenna , who would later form the dubliners .		what did he do at this time ?		what did irvine do in 2004 ?
andy irvine ( musician )		move to dublin and transition from acting to folk music		why did andy move to dublin ?		when his two - year contract with the bbc 's ' rep ' ended ,		what songs did he release ?		" o'donoghue 's		can you give me some information ?		however , he very quickly noticed that a burgeoning folk scene was emerging , centred around the baggot street - merrion quarter of dublin 's city centre .		what is the burgeoning folk scene ?		i do n't know .		who did he meet ?		ronnie drew , luke kelly and barney mckenna , who would later form the dubliners .		what did he do at this time ?		spent many hours at the national library , scouring old songbooks like the child ballads and sam henry 's songs of the people ,		what else did he do with his time ?		aside from spending many hours at the national library , scouring old songbooks what else did irvine do with his time ?
andy irvine ( musician )		move to dublin and transition from acting to folk music		why did andy move to dublin ?		when his two - year contract with the bbc 's ' rep ' ended ,		what songs did he release ?		" o'donoghue 's		can you give me some information ?		however , he very quickly noticed that a burgeoning folk scene was emerging , centred around the baggot street - merrion quarter of dublin 's city centre .		what is the burgeoning folk scene ?		i do n't know .		who did he meet ?		ronnie drew , luke kelly and barney mckenna , who would later form the dubliners .		what did he do at this time ?		spent many hours at the national library , scouring old songbooks like the child ballads and sam henry 's songs of the people ,		what else did he do with his time ?		songs . he also drew inspiration from ewan maccoll , notably the songs he wrote for his radio - ballads .		what songs did he write ?		what songs did irvine write ?
andy irvine ( musician )		move to dublin and transition from acting to folk music		why did andy move to dublin ?		when his two - year contract with the bbc 's ' rep ' ended ,		what songs did he release ?		" o'donoghue 's		can you give me some information ?		however , he very quickly noticed that a burgeoning folk scene was emerging , centred around the baggot street - merrion quarter of dublin 's city centre .		what is the burgeoning folk scene ?		i do n't know .		who did he meet ?		ronnie drew , luke kelly and barney mckenna , who would later form the dubliners .		what did he do at this time ?		spent many hours at the national library , scouring old songbooks like the child ballads and sam henry 's songs of the people ,		what else did he do with his time ?		songs . he also drew inspiration from ewan maccoll , notably the songs he wrote for his radio - ballads .		what songs did he write ?		he recorded " o'donoghue's"--released on the album changing trains ( 2004)--a song of eleven verses in which he vividly recalls these happy times ,		did he become famous at all ?		did irvine become famous at all ?
andy irvine ( musician )		early life and acting career		where was he born ?		where was andy irvine born ?
andy irvine ( musician )		early life and acting career		where was he born ?		andy irvine was born in st john 's wood , northwest london		who were his parents ?		who were andy irvine parents ?
andy irvine ( musician )		early life and acting career		where was he born ?		andy irvine was born in st john 's wood , northwest london		who were his parents ?		irish mother from lisburn , county antrim , and a scottish father from glasgow .		did he have siblings ?		did andy irvine have siblings ?
andy irvine ( musician )		early life and acting career		where was he born ?		andy irvine was born in st john 's wood , northwest london		who were his parents ?		irish mother from lisburn , county antrim , and a scottish father from glasgow .		did he have siblings ?		i do n't know .		where did he go to school ?		where did andy irvine go to school ?
andy irvine ( musician )		early life and acting career		where was he born ?		andy irvine was born in st john 's wood , northwest london		who were his parents ?		irish mother from lisburn , county antrim , and a scottish father from glasgow .		did he have siblings ?		i do n't know .		where did he go to school ?		i do n't know .		how did he get into acting ?		how did andy irvine get into acting ?
andy irvine ( musician )		early life and acting career		where was he born ?		andy irvine was born in st john 's wood , northwest london		who were his parents ?		irish mother from lisburn , county antrim , and a scottish father from glasgow .		did he have siblings ?		i do n't know .		where did he go to school ?		i do n't know .		how did he get into acting ?		as a child , irvine was given opportunities to appear on stage , tv and in films .		what were notable roles when he was a child ?		what were notable roles when andy irvine was a child ?
andy irvine ( musician )		early life and acting career		where was he born ?		andy irvine was born in st john 's wood , northwest london		who were his parents ?		irish mother from lisburn , county antrim , and a scottish father from glasgow .		did he have siblings ?		i do n't know .		where did he go to school ?		i do n't know .		how did he get into acting ?		as a child , irvine was given opportunities to appear on stage , tv and in films .		what were notable roles when he was a child ?		in the summer holidays of 1950 , when he was eight years old , his first role was to play jimmy in the film a tale of five cities .		did he get good reviews ?		did andy irvine get good reviews ?
andy irvine ( musician )		early life and acting career		where was he born ?		andy irvine was born in st john 's wood , northwest london		who were his parents ?		irish mother from lisburn , county antrim , and a scottish father from glasgow .		did he have siblings ?		i do n't know .		where did he go to school ?		i do n't know .		how did he get into acting ?		as a child , irvine was given opportunities to appear on stage , tv and in films .		what were notable roles when he was a child ?		in the summer holidays of 1950 , when he was eight years old , his first role was to play jimmy in the film a tale of five cities .		did he get good reviews ?		i do n't know .		where those actors who appeared in a lot of bbc series ?		where are the actors who appeared in a lot of bbc series ?
andy irvine ( musician )		early life and acting career		where was he born ?		andy irvine was born in st john 's wood , northwest london		who were his parents ?		irish mother from lisburn , county antrim , and a scottish father from glasgow .		did he have siblings ?		i do n't know .		where did he go to school ?		i do n't know .		how did he get into acting ?		as a child , irvine was given opportunities to appear on stage , tv and in films .		what were notable roles when he was a child ?		in the summer holidays of 1950 , when he was eight years old , his first role was to play jimmy in the film a tale of five cities .		did he get good reviews ?		i do n't know .		where those actors who appeared in a lot of bbc series ?		i do n't know .		did he take them up on their offer ?		did andy irvine take them up on the bbc offer ?
roy acuff		biography		where was he born ?		where was roy acuff born ?
roy acuff		biography		where was he born ?		maynardville , tennessee ,		who were his parents		who were roy acuff 's parents ?
roy acuff		biography		where was he born ?		maynardville , tennessee ,		who were his parents		ida ( nee carr ) and simon e. neill acuff ,		did he have sibings		did roy acuff have sibings ?
roy acuff		biography		where was he born ?		maynardville , tennessee ,		who were his parents		ida ( nee carr ) and simon e. neill acuff ,		did he have sibings		the third of their five children .		where did he go to school		where did roy acuff go to school ?
roy acuff		biography		where was he born ?		maynardville , tennessee ,		who were his parents		ida ( nee carr ) and simon e. neill acuff ,		did he have sibings		the third of their five children .		where did he go to school		roy attended central high school ,		did he go to college ?		did roy acuff go to college ?
roy acuff		biography		where was he born ?		maynardville , tennessee ,		who were his parents		ida ( nee carr ) and simon e. neill acuff ,		did he have sibings		the third of their five children .		where did he go to school		roy attended central high school ,		did he go to college ?		was offered a scholarship to carson - newman university but turned it down .		why did he turn it down		why did roy acuff turn down the scholarship to carson - newman university ?
roy acuff		biography		where was he born ?		maynardville , tennessee ,		who were his parents		ida ( nee carr ) and simon e. neill acuff ,		did he have sibings		the third of their five children .		where did he go to school		roy attended central high school ,		did he go to college ?		was offered a scholarship to carson - newman university but turned it down .		why did he turn it down		i do n't know .		what else did he do during his early years ?		besides attending central high school , what else did roy acuff do during his early years ?
roy acuff		biography		where was he born ?		maynardville , tennessee ,		who were his parents		ida ( nee carr ) and simon e. neill acuff ,		did he have sibings		the third of their five children .		where did he go to school		roy attended central high school ,		did he go to college ?		was offered a scholarship to carson - newman university but turned it down .		why did he turn it down		i do n't know .		what else did he do during his early years ?		in 1929 , acuff tried out for the knoxville smokies , a minor - league baseball team		did he make the team ?		did roy acuff make the minor - league baseball team ?
roy acuff		biography		where was he born ?		maynardville , tennessee ,		who were his parents		ida ( nee carr ) and simon e. neill acuff ,		did he have sibings		the third of their five children .		where did he go to school		roy attended central high school ,		did he go to college ?		was offered a scholarship to carson - newman university but turned it down .		why did he turn it down		i do n't know .		what else did he do during his early years ?		in 1929 , acuff tried out for the knoxville smokies , a minor - league baseball team		did he make the team ?		sunstroke , however , ended his baseball career .		did he have any other illnesses ?		did roy acuff have any other illnesses in addition to sunstroke ?
roy acuff		biography		where was he born ?		maynardville , tennessee ,		who were his parents		ida ( nee carr ) and simon e. neill acuff ,		did he have sibings		the third of their five children .		where did he go to school		roy attended central high school ,		did he go to college ?		was offered a scholarship to carson - newman university but turned it down .		why did he turn it down		i do n't know .		what else did he do during his early years ?		in 1929 , acuff tried out for the knoxville smokies , a minor - league baseball team		did he make the team ?		sunstroke , however , ended his baseball career .		did he have any other illnesses ?		the effects left him ill for several years , and he suffered a nervous breakdown in 1930 .		what happened after his nervous breakdown ?		what happened after roy acuff 's nervous breakdown ?
roy acuff		biography		where was he born ?		maynardville , tennessee ,		who were his parents		ida ( nee carr ) and simon e. neill acuff ,		did he have sibings		the third of their five children .		where did he go to school		roy attended central high school ,		did he go to college ?		was offered a scholarship to carson - newman university but turned it down .		why did he turn it down		i do n't know .		what else did he do during his early years ?		in 1929 , acuff tried out for the knoxville smokies , a minor - league baseball team		did he make the team ?		sunstroke , however , ended his baseball career .		did he have any other illnesses ?		the effects left him ill for several years , and he suffered a nervous breakdown in 1930 .		what happened after his nervous breakdown ?		" i could n't stand any sunshine at all , " he later recalled . while recovering ,		did you find anything else interesting ?		aside from the early years of roy acuff , did you find anything else interesting ?
lil ' kim		2005 - 2008 : the naked truth and ms. g.o.a.t		what is the naked truth ?		what is the naked truth by lil ' kim ?
lil ' kim		2005 - 2008 : the naked truth and ms. g.o.a.t		what is the naked truth ?		lil ' kim released her fourth album , the naked truth ,		when was the naked truth released ?		when was lil kim 's the naked truth released ?
lil ' kim		2005 - 2008 : the naked truth and ms. g.o.a.t		what is the naked truth ?		lil ' kim released her fourth album , the naked truth ,		when was the naked truth released ?		the naked truth , on september 27 , 2005 ,		how was the album received by the reviewers ?		how was lil kim 's the naked truth received by the reviewers ?
lil ' kim		2005 - 2008 : the naked truth and ms. g.o.a.t		what is the naked truth ?		lil ' kim released her fourth album , the naked truth ,		when was the naked truth released ?		the naked truth , on september 27 , 2005 ,		how was the album received by the reviewers ?		it earned her a 5 mic rating from the source , making her the only female rapper to ever receive a 5 mic rating .		what else did the reviewers say about the album ?		aside from giving lil kim a 5 mic rating , what else did the reviewers say about lil kim 's the naked truth ?
lil ' kim		2005 - 2008 : the naked truth and ms. g.o.a.t		what is the naked truth ?		lil ' kim released her fourth album , the naked truth ,		when was the naked truth released ?		the naked truth , on september 27 , 2005 ,		how was the album received by the reviewers ?		it earned her a 5 mic rating from the source , making her the only female rapper to ever receive a 5 mic rating .		what else did the reviewers say about the album ?		making her the only female rapper to ever receive a 5 mic rating .		can you name a single from the naked truth ?		can you name a single from lil kim 's album the naked truth ?
lil ' kim		2005 - 2008 : the naked truth and ms. g.o.a.t		what is the naked truth ?		lil ' kim released her fourth album , the naked truth ,		when was the naked truth released ?		the naked truth , on september 27 , 2005 ,		how was the album received by the reviewers ?		it earned her a 5 mic rating from the source , making her the only female rapper to ever receive a 5 mic rating .		what else did the reviewers say about the album ?		making her the only female rapper to ever receive a 5 mic rating .		can you name a single from the naked truth ?		the naked truth 's first single , " lighters up " ,		did the album win any awards ?		did the album the naked truth win any awards ?
fernand braudel		la mediterranee		what is la mediteranee ?		what is la mediteranee ?
fernand braudel		la mediterranee		what is la mediteranee ?		his first book ,		what was the topic ?		what was the topic of la mediterranee ?
fernand braudel		la mediterranee		what is la mediteranee ?		his first book ,		what was the topic ?		braudel looks at two or three centuries in order to spot a particular pattern , such as the rise and fall of various aristocracies .		what time period was he studying ?		what time period was fernand braudel studying for la mediterranee ?
fernand braudel		la mediterranee		what is la mediteranee ?		his first book ,		what was the topic ?		braudel looks at two or three centuries in order to spot a particular pattern , such as the rise and fall of various aristocracies .		what time period was he studying ?		the age of philip ii		what patterns did he discover ?		what patterns did braudel discover during the age of philip ii ?
fernand braudel		la mediterranee		what is la mediteranee ?		his first book ,		what was the topic ?		braudel looks at two or three centuries in order to spot a particular pattern , such as the rise and fall of various aristocracies .		what time period was he studying ?		the age of philip ii		what patterns did he discover ?		the first level of time , geographical time , is that of the environment , with its slow , almost imperceptible change , its repetition and cycles .		what other levels did he study ?		other than the first level of time , what other levels did braudel study during the age of philip ii ?
fernand braudel		la mediterranee		what is la mediteranee ?		his first book ,		what was the topic ?		braudel looks at two or three centuries in order to spot a particular pattern , such as the rise and fall of various aristocracies .		what time period was he studying ?		the age of philip ii		what patterns did he discover ?		the first level of time , geographical time , is that of the environment , with its slow , almost imperceptible change , its repetition and cycles .		what other levels did he study ?		the second level of time comprises long - term social , economic , and cultural history , where braudel discusses the mediterranean economy ,		is there a third level of time ?		is there a third level of time according to braudel 's study ?
fernand braudel		la mediterranee		what is la mediteranee ?		his first book ,		what was the topic ?		braudel looks at two or three centuries in order to spot a particular pattern , such as the rise and fall of various aristocracies .		what time period was he studying ?		the age of philip ii		what patterns did he discover ?		the first level of time , geographical time , is that of the environment , with its slow , almost imperceptible change , its repetition and cycles .		what other levels did he study ?		the second level of time comprises long - term social , economic , and cultural history , where braudel discusses the mediterranean economy ,		is there a third level of time ?		it is the focus of part 3 of the mediterranean which treats of " events , politics and people . "		what major events or people were examined ?		what major events or people were examined by braudel ?
fernand braudel		la mediterranee		what is la mediteranee ?		his first book ,		what was the topic ?		braudel looks at two or three centuries in order to spot a particular pattern , such as the rise and fall of various aristocracies .		what time period was he studying ?		the age of philip ii		what patterns did he discover ?		the first level of time , geographical time , is that of the environment , with its slow , almost imperceptible change , its repetition and cycles .		what other levels did he study ?		the second level of time comprises long - term social , economic , and cultural history , where braudel discusses the mediterranean economy ,		is there a third level of time ?		it is the focus of part 3 of the mediterranean which treats of " events , politics and people . "		what major events or people were examined ?		braudel discusses the mediterranean economy , social groupings , empires and civilizations .		which medireranean countries weer studied ?		which medireranean countries were studied by braudel in the third level of time ?
periyar e. v. ramasamy		early years		when was periyar born ?		when was periyar born ?
periyar e. v. ramasamy		early years		when was periyar born ?		born on 17 september 1879 ,		what did periyar do as a child ?		what did periyar do as a child ?
periyar e. v. ramasamy		early years		when was periyar born ?		born on 17 september 1879 ,		what did periyar do as a child ?		he joined his father 's trade at the age of 12 .		what did he do at his father 's trade ?		what did periyar do at his father 's trade ?
periyar e. v. ramasamy		early years		when was periyar born ?		born on 17 september 1879 ,		what did periyar do as a child ?		he joined his father 's trade at the age of 12 .		what did he do at his father 's trade ?		i do n't know .		what was periyar 's hobbies as a child ?		what was periyar 's hobbies as a child ?
periyar e. v. ramasamy		early years		when was periyar born ?		born on 17 september 1879 ,		what did periyar do as a child ?		he joined his father 's trade at the age of 12 .		what did he do at his father 's trade ?		i do n't know .		what was periyar 's hobbies as a child ?		he used to listen to tamil vaishnavite gurus		what were the gurus like ?		what were the gurus like ?
periyar e. v. ramasamy		early years		when was periyar born ?		born on 17 september 1879 ,		what did periyar do as a child ?		he joined his father 's trade at the age of 12 .		what did he do at his father 's trade ?		i do n't know .		what was periyar 's hobbies as a child ?		he used to listen to tamil vaishnavite gurus		what were the gurus like ?		gave discourses in his house enjoying his father 's hospitality .		what was periyar 's father like		what was periyar 's father like
periyar e. v. ramasamy		early years		when was periyar born ?		born on 17 september 1879 ,		what did periyar do as a child ?		he joined his father 's trade at the age of 12 .		what did he do at his father 's trade ?		i do n't know .		what was periyar 's hobbies as a child ?		he used to listen to tamil vaishnavite gurus		what were the gurus like ?		gave discourses in his house enjoying his father 's hospitality .		what was periyar 's father like		a rich balija businessman ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides periyar early childhood are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
periyar e. v. ramasamy		early years		when was periyar born ?		born on 17 september 1879 ,		what did periyar do as a child ?		he joined his father 's trade at the age of 12 .		what did he do at his father 's trade ?		i do n't know .		what was periyar 's hobbies as a child ?		he used to listen to tamil vaishnavite gurus		what were the gurus like ?		gave discourses in his house enjoying his father 's hospitality .		what was periyar 's father like		a rich balija businessman ,		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in 1929 , e.v. ramasamy announced the deletion of his caste title naicker from his name		why did he delete the castle title from his name ?		why did periyar delete the castle title from his name ?
guns n ' roses		formation ( 1985 - 1986 )		what was formation		what was formation
guns n ' roses		formation ( 1985 - 1986 )		what was formation		when l.a. guns needed a new vocalist , stradlin suggested hollywood rose singer axl rose .		what happen in 1985		what happen in 1985
guns n ' roses		formation ( 1985 - 1986 )		what was formation		when l.a. guns needed a new vocalist , stradlin suggested hollywood rose singer axl rose .		what happen in 1985		guns n ' roses was formed in march 1985		what was they known for		what was guns n ' roses known for
guns n ' roses		formation ( 1985 - 1986 )		what was formation		when l.a. guns needed a new vocalist , stradlin suggested hollywood rose singer axl rose .		what happen in 1985		guns n ' roses was formed in march 1985		what was they known for		through the band 's increasing presence on the hollywood club scene - playing famed bars such as the troubadour and the roxy		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides guns n ' roses increasing presence on the hollywood club scene are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
guns n ' roses		formation ( 1985 - 1986 )		what was formation		when l.a. guns needed a new vocalist , stradlin suggested hollywood rose singer axl rose .		what happen in 1985		guns n ' roses was formed in march 1985		what was they known for		through the band 's increasing presence on the hollywood club scene - playing famed bars such as the troubadour and the roxy		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the band 's " classic " lineup was finalized on june 4 , 1985 when adler and slash officially joined .		what happen in 1986		what happen in 1986
tan dun		organic music		what is organic music ?		what is organic music ?
tan dun		organic music		what is organic music ?		many of tan dun 's works call for instruments made of materials such as paper , stone , or water ,		did he write any organic music		did tan dun write any organic music ?
tan dun		organic music		what is organic music ?		many of tan dun 's works call for instruments made of materials such as paper , stone , or water ,		did he write any organic music		the first major work for organic instruments was his water concerto for water percussion and orchestra		any other notable works ?		did tan dun have any notable works other than water concerto for water percussion and orchestra ?
tan dun		organic music		what is organic music ?		many of tan dun 's works call for instruments made of materials such as paper , stone , or water ,		did he write any organic music		the first major work for organic instruments was his water concerto for water percussion and orchestra		any other notable works ?		the techniques devised in the water concerto were used again in tan dun 's water passion after st. matthew ( 2000		didi he work aith any one else to write these pieces ?		did tan dun work together with anyone else to write his organic music pieces ?
tan dun		organic music		what is organic music ?		many of tan dun 's works call for instruments made of materials such as paper , stone , or water ,		did he write any organic music		the first major work for organic instruments was his water concerto for water percussion and orchestra		any other notable works ?		the techniques devised in the water concerto were used again in tan dun 's water passion after st. matthew ( 2000		didi he work aith any one else to write these pieces ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any interesting aspects about this article other than information about tan dun 's organic music pieces , water concerto for water percussion and orchestra , and water passion after st. matthew ?
tan dun		organic music		what is organic music ?		many of tan dun 's works call for instruments made of materials such as paper , stone , or water ,		did he write any organic music		the first major work for organic instruments was his water concerto for water percussion and orchestra		any other notable works ?		the techniques devised in the water concerto were used again in tan dun 's water passion after st. matthew ( 2000		didi he work aith any one else to write these pieces ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		tan dun 's next major organic work , paper concerto for paper percussion and orchestra ( 2003 ) , explores the acoustic range of paper .		what was his most recent piece ?		what was tan dun 's most recent piece ?
tan dun		organic music		what is organic music ?		many of tan dun 's works call for instruments made of materials such as paper , stone , or water ,		did he write any organic music		the first major work for organic instruments was his water concerto for water percussion and orchestra		any other notable works ?		the techniques devised in the water concerto were used again in tan dun 's water passion after st. matthew ( 2000		didi he work aith any one else to write these pieces ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		tan dun 's next major organic work , paper concerto for paper percussion and orchestra ( 2003 ) , explores the acoustic range of paper .		what was his most recent piece ?		earth concerto for stone and ceramic percussion and orchestra ( 2009 ) draws from gustav mahler 's das lied von der erde		did he win any awards ?		did tan dun win any awards ?
tan dun		organic music		what is organic music ?		many of tan dun 's works call for instruments made of materials such as paper , stone , or water ,		did he write any organic music		the first major work for organic instruments was his water concerto for water percussion and orchestra		any other notable works ?		the techniques devised in the water concerto were used again in tan dun 's water passion after st. matthew ( 2000		didi he work aith any one else to write these pieces ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		tan dun 's next major organic work , paper concerto for paper percussion and orchestra ( 2003 ) , explores the acoustic range of paper .		what was his most recent piece ?		earth concerto for stone and ceramic percussion and orchestra ( 2009 ) draws from gustav mahler 's das lied von der erde		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what instruments were used ?		what instruments were used in tan dun 's work , earth concerto for stone and ceramic percussion and orchestra ?
tan dun		organic music		what is organic music ?		many of tan dun 's works call for instruments made of materials such as paper , stone , or water ,		did he write any organic music		the first major work for organic instruments was his water concerto for water percussion and orchestra		any other notable works ?		the techniques devised in the water concerto were used again in tan dun 's water passion after st. matthew ( 2000		didi he work aith any one else to write these pieces ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		tan dun 's next major organic work , paper concerto for paper percussion and orchestra ( 2003 ) , explores the acoustic range of paper .		what was his most recent piece ?		earth concerto for stone and ceramic percussion and orchestra ( 2009 ) draws from gustav mahler 's das lied von der erde		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what instruments were used ?		instruments include percussion instruments similar to those tan dun had used in previous works , as well as wind instruments and xun .		what was his first work ?		what was tan dun 's first work ?
tan dun		organic music		what is organic music ?		many of tan dun 's works call for instruments made of materials such as paper , stone , or water ,		did he write any organic music		the first major work for organic instruments was his water concerto for water percussion and orchestra		any other notable works ?		the techniques devised in the water concerto were used again in tan dun 's water passion after st. matthew ( 2000		didi he work aith any one else to write these pieces ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		tan dun 's next major organic work , paper concerto for paper percussion and orchestra ( 2003 ) , explores the acoustic range of paper .		what was his most recent piece ?		earth concerto for stone and ceramic percussion and orchestra ( 2009 ) draws from gustav mahler 's das lied von der erde		did he win any awards ?		i do n't know .		what instruments were used ?		instruments include percussion instruments similar to those tan dun had used in previous works , as well as wind instruments and xun .		what was his first work ?		the first major work for organic instruments was his water concerto for water percussion and orchestra ( 1998 ) , dedicated to toru takemitsu .		how was his music taken by the public ?		how was tan dun 's music taken by the public ?
chuck berry		1970 - 1979 : back to chess : " my ding - a - ling " to white house concert		where did the white house consert hold ?		where did the white house concert hold ?
chuck berry		1970 - 1979 : back to chess : " my ding - a - ling " to white house concert		where did the white house consert hold ?		berry performed at the white house		any intresting information ?		any interesting information about chuck berry ?
chuck berry		1970 - 1979 : back to chess : " my ding - a - ling " to white house concert		where did the white house consert hold ?		berry performed at the white house		any intresting information ?		berry returned to chess from 1970 to 1973 .		when did he quit chess ?		when did chuck berry quit chess ?
chuck berry		1970 - 1979 : back to chess : " my ding - a - ling " to white house concert		where did the white house consert hold ?		berry performed at the white house		any intresting information ?		berry returned to chess from 1970 to 1973 .		when did he quit chess ?		1973 .		who has he played chess with ?		who has chuck berry played chess with ?
the carpenters		the singles : 1969 - 1973		what year did the first single release ?		what year did the carpenters ' first single release ?
the carpenters		the singles : 1969 - 1973		what year did the first single release ?		october 9 , 1969 ,		what was the name of the single ?		what was the name of the carpenters ' first single ?
the carpenters		the singles : 1969 - 1973		what year did the first single release ?		october 9 , 1969 ,		what was the name of the single ?		" all of my life " and " eve " ,		were they successful ?		was the carpenters ' first single successful ?
the carpenters		the singles : 1969 - 1973		what year did the first single release ?		october 9 , 1969 ,		what was the name of the single ?		" all of my life " and " eve " ,		were they successful ?		released on october 9 , 1969 , to a positive critical reception ;		where did they peak on the billboards ?		where did the carpenters peak on the billboards ?
the carpenters		the singles : 1969 - 1973		what year did the first single release ?		october 9 , 1969 ,		what was the name of the single ?		" all of my life " and " eve " ,		were they successful ?		released on october 9 , 1969 , to a positive critical reception ;		where did they peak on the billboards ?		ticket to ride " was released as a single on november 5 , and became a minor hit for the carpenters , peaking at no . 54		what was the next single they released in this time period ?		what was the carpenters 's next single released after " ticket to ride " ?
the carpenters		the singles : 1969 - 1973		what year did the first single release ?		october 9 , 1969 ,		what was the name of the single ?		" all of my life " and " eve " ,		were they successful ?		released on october 9 , 1969 , to a positive critical reception ;		where did they peak on the billboards ?		ticket to ride " was released as a single on november 5 , and became a minor hit for the carpenters , peaking at no . 54		what was the next single they released in this time period ?		the pair released just one single , " i wo n't last a day without you " from a song for you .		what date was " i wo nt last a day without you " released ?		what date was " i wo nt last a day without you " released ?
the carpenters		the singles : 1969 - 1973		what year did the first single release ?		october 9 , 1969 ,		what was the name of the single ?		" all of my life " and " eve " ,		were they successful ?		released on october 9 , 1969 , to a positive critical reception ;		where did they peak on the billboards ?		ticket to ride " was released as a single on november 5 , and became a minor hit for the carpenters , peaking at no . 54		what was the next single they released in this time period ?		the pair released just one single , " i wo n't last a day without you " from a song for you .		what date was " i wo nt last a day without you " released ?		i do n't know .		did it chart on the billboards ?		did " i wo nt last a day without you " chart on the billboards ?
the carpenters		the singles : 1969 - 1973		what year did the first single release ?		october 9 , 1969 ,		what was the name of the single ?		" all of my life " and " eve " ,		were they successful ?		released on october 9 , 1969 , to a positive critical reception ;		where did they peak on the billboards ?		ticket to ride " was released as a single on november 5 , and became a minor hit for the carpenters , peaking at no . 54		what was the next single they released in this time period ?		the pair released just one single , " i wo n't last a day without you " from a song for you .		what date was " i wo nt last a day without you " released ?		i do n't know .		did it chart on the billboards ?		reaching no . 11 on the hot 100 in may.		was there any other singles of note ?		was there any other singles besides " i wo nt last a day without you " by the carpenters of note ?
the carpenters		the singles : 1969 - 1973		what year did the first single release ?		october 9 , 1969 ,		what was the name of the single ?		" all of my life " and " eve " ,		were they successful ?		released on october 9 , 1969 , to a positive critical reception ;		where did they peak on the billboards ?		ticket to ride " was released as a single on november 5 , and became a minor hit for the carpenters , peaking at no . 54		what was the next single they released in this time period ?		the pair released just one single , " i wo n't last a day without you " from a song for you .		what date was " i wo nt last a day without you " released ?		i do n't know .		did it chart on the billboards ?		reaching no . 11 on the hot 100 in may.		was there any other singles of note ?		i do n't know .		which single was the most successful ?		which single by the carpenters was the most successful ?
the carpenters		the singles : 1969 - 1973		what year did the first single release ?		october 9 , 1969 ,		what was the name of the single ?		" all of my life " and " eve " ,		were they successful ?		released on october 9 , 1969 , to a positive critical reception ;		where did they peak on the billboards ?		ticket to ride " was released as a single on november 5 , and became a minor hit for the carpenters , peaking at no . 54		what was the next single they released in this time period ?		the pair released just one single , " i wo n't last a day without you " from a song for you .		what date was " i wo nt last a day without you " released ?		i do n't know .		did it chart on the billboards ?		reaching no . 11 on the hot 100 in may.		was there any other singles of note ?		i do n't know .		which single was the most successful ?		" i wo n't last a day without you		was it well received ?		was " i wo n't last a day without you " well received ?
the carpenters		the singles : 1969 - 1973		what year did the first single release ?		october 9 , 1969 ,		what was the name of the single ?		" all of my life " and " eve " ,		were they successful ?		released on october 9 , 1969 , to a positive critical reception ;		where did they peak on the billboards ?		ticket to ride " was released as a single on november 5 , and became a minor hit for the carpenters , peaking at no . 54		what was the next single they released in this time period ?		the pair released just one single , " i wo n't last a day without you " from a song for you .		what date was " i wo nt last a day without you " released ?		i do n't know .		did it chart on the billboards ?		reaching no . 11 on the hot 100 in may.		was there any other singles of note ?		i do n't know .		which single was the most successful ?		" i wo n't last a day without you		was it well received ?		became the fifth and final selection from the album to chart in the top 20 , reaching no . 11 on the hot 100 in may.		is there anything interesting you can tell me about these singles ?		is there anything interesting you can tell me about the carpenters ' singles ?
dame edna everage		invention of the character		when was dame edna everage invented ?		when was dame edna everage invented ?
dame edna everage		invention of the character		when was dame edna everage invented ?		) made her first appearance in a melbourne university 's utrc revue at the end of 1955 ,		how was this character received by the public ?		how was dame edna everage received by the public ?
dame edna everage		invention of the character		when was dame edna everage invented ?		) made her first appearance in a melbourne university 's utrc revue at the end of 1955 ,		how was this character received by the public ?		i do n't know .		what other appearances did dame edna made ?		besides melbourne university 's utrc revue , what other appearances did dame edna made ?
dame edna everage		invention of the character		when was dame edna everage invented ?		) made her first appearance in a melbourne university 's utrc revue at the end of 1955 ,		how was this character received by the public ?		i do n't know .		what other appearances did dame edna made ?		the establishment club in london .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides dame edna everage appearances in melbourne university 's utrc revue and the establishment club in london , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
dame edna everage		invention of the character		when was dame edna everage invented ?		) made her first appearance in a melbourne university 's utrc revue at the end of 1955 ,		how was this character received by the public ?		i do n't know .		what other appearances did dame edna made ?		the establishment club in london .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the sketch involved a houseproud " average housewife " offering her moonee ponds home as an olympic billet ,		was this a successful action ?		was dame edna everage 's sketch involving a houseproud " average housewife " a successful action ?
mario winans		story of my heart ( 1995 - 97 )		were any other popular artists featured on the album ?		were any other popular artists besides mario winans featured on the album story of my heart ?
mario winans		story of my heart ( 1995 - 97 )		were any other popular artists featured on the album ?		i do n't know .		what were some singles off of the album ?		what were some singles off of the album story of my heart ?
mario winans		story of my heart ( 1995 - 97 )		were any other popular artists featured on the album ?		i do n't know .		what were some singles off of the album ?		the song " do n't know		was this his first album ?		was story of my heart mario winans ' first album ?
mario winans		story of my heart ( 1995 - 97 )		were any other popular artists featured on the album ?		i do n't know .		what were some singles off of the album ?		the song " do n't know		was this his first album ?		his debut album story of my heart on		did he win any awards for the album ?		did mario winans win any awards for story of my heart ?
mario winans		story of my heart ( 1995 - 97 )		were any other popular artists featured on the album ?		i do n't know .		what were some singles off of the album ?		the song " do n't know		was this his first album ?		his debut album story of my heart on		did he win any awards for the album ?		the album failed to chart .		what were some other singles that people might know ?		besides " do n't know " what were some other singles that people might know from story of my heart ?
mario winans		story of my heart ( 1995 - 97 )		were any other popular artists featured on the album ?		i do n't know .		what were some singles off of the album ?		the song " do n't know		was this his first album ?		his debut album story of my heart on		did he win any awards for the album ?		the album failed to chart .		what were some other singles that people might know ?		winans co - wrote the two - part song " i need a girl		what was the theme of the songs on the album ?		what was the theme of the songs on mario winan 's album story of my heart ?
mario winans		story of my heart ( 1995 - 97 )		were any other popular artists featured on the album ?		i do n't know .		what were some singles off of the album ?		the song " do n't know		was this his first album ?		his debut album story of my heart on		did he win any awards for the album ?		the album failed to chart .		what were some other singles that people might know ?		winans co - wrote the two - part song " i need a girl		what was the theme of the songs on the album ?		i do n't know .		did he go on a tour for the album ?		did mario winans go on a tour for the album story of my heart ?
alberto moravia		la noia and later life		is la noia a novel ?		is la noia a novel ?
alberto moravia		la noia and later life		is la noia a novel ?		book		what is la noia about ?		what is the novel la noia about ?
alberto moravia		la noia and later life		is la noia a novel ?		book		what is la noia about ?		) , the story of the troubled sexual relationship between a young , rich painter striving to find sense in his life and an easygoing girl in rome .		was it well received by the public and critics ?		was la noia well received by the public and critics ?
alberto moravia		la noia and later life		is la noia a novel ?		book		what is la noia about ?		) , the story of the troubled sexual relationship between a young , rich painter striving to find sense in his life and an easygoing girl in rome .		was it well received by the public and critics ?		known as one of his most famous novels , it won the viareggio prize .		what did moravia do in later life ?		what did novelist alberto moravia do in later life ?
alberto moravia		la noia and later life		is la noia a novel ?		book		what is la noia about ?		) , the story of the troubled sexual relationship between a young , rich painter striving to find sense in his life and an easygoing girl in rome .		was it well received by the public and critics ?		known as one of his most famous novels , it won the viareggio prize .		what did moravia do in later life ?		he published the novel io e lui (		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from the plot of la noia , are there any other interesting aspects about the article ?
alberto moravia		la noia and later life		is la noia a novel ?		book		what is la noia about ?		) , the story of the troubled sexual relationship between a young , rich painter striving to find sense in his life and an easygoing girl in rome .		was it well received by the public and critics ?		known as one of his most famous novels , it won the viareggio prize .		what did moravia do in later life ?		he published the novel io e lui (		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		1984 , moravia was elected to the european parliament		what did he accomplish in parliament ?		what did novelist alberto moravia accomplish in parliament ?
alberto moravia		la noia and later life		is la noia a novel ?		book		what is la noia about ?		) , the story of the troubled sexual relationship between a young , rich painter striving to find sense in his life and an easygoing girl in rome .		was it well received by the public and critics ?		known as one of his most famous novels , it won the viareggio prize .		what did moravia do in later life ?		he published the novel io e lui (		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		1984 , moravia was elected to the european parliament		what did he accomplish in parliament ?		i do n't know .		was he married ?		was novelist alberto moravia married ?
alberto moravia		la noia and later life		is la noia a novel ?		book		what is la noia about ?		) , the story of the troubled sexual relationship between a young , rich painter striving to find sense in his life and an easygoing girl in rome .		was it well received by the public and critics ?		known as one of his most famous novels , it won the viareggio prize .		what did moravia do in later life ?		he published the novel io e lui (		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		1984 , moravia was elected to the european parliament		what did he accomplish in parliament ?		i do n't know .		was he married ?		he married		whom did he marry ?		whom did novelist alberto moravia marry ?
yoko ono		first solo album and fly		what was the name of her first solo album ?		what was the name of yoko ono 's first solo album ?
yoko ono		first solo album and fly		what was the name of her first solo album ?		the two artists collaborated on many albums , beginning in 1968 when lennon was still a beatle , with unfinished music no.1 : two virgins ,		was the solo album successful ?		was the solo album unfinished music no.1 : two virgins successful ?
yoko ono		first solo album and fly		what was the name of her first solo album ?		the two artists collaborated on many albums , beginning in 1968 when lennon was still a beatle , with unfinished music no.1 : two virgins ,		was the solo album successful ?		ono released her first solo album , yoko ono / plastic ono band , in 1970 as a companion piece to lennon 's better - known john lennon / plastic ono band .		was there a single from that album ?		was there a single from that unfinished music no.1 : two virgins ?
yoko ono		first solo album and fly		what was the name of her first solo album ?		the two artists collaborated on many albums , beginning in 1968 when lennon was still a beatle , with unfinished music no.1 : two virgins ,		was the solo album successful ?		ono released her first solo album , yoko ono / plastic ono band , in 1970 as a companion piece to lennon 's better - known john lennon / plastic ono band .		was there a single from that album ?		i do n't know .		was fly the name of another album ?		was fly the name of another album aside from unfinished music no.1 : two virgins ?
yoko ono		first solo album and fly		what was the name of her first solo album ?		the two artists collaborated on many albums , beginning in 1968 when lennon was still a beatle , with unfinished music no.1 : two virgins ,		was the solo album successful ?		ono released her first solo album , yoko ono / plastic ono band , in 1970 as a companion piece to lennon 's better - known john lennon / plastic ono band .		was there a single from that album ?		i do n't know .		was fly the name of another album ?		when lennon was invited to play with frank zappa at the fillmore ( then the filmore west ) on june 5 , 1971 , ono joined them . later that year , she released fly ,		did the public like the album ?		did the public like the album fly ?
yoko ono		first solo album and fly		what was the name of her first solo album ?		the two artists collaborated on many albums , beginning in 1968 when lennon was still a beatle , with unfinished music no.1 : two virgins ,		was the solo album successful ?		ono released her first solo album , yoko ono / plastic ono band , in 1970 as a companion piece to lennon 's better - known john lennon / plastic ono band .		was there a single from that album ?		i do n't know .		was fly the name of another album ?		when lennon was invited to play with frank zappa at the fillmore ( then the filmore west ) on june 5 , 1971 , ono joined them . later that year , she released fly ,		did the public like the album ?		i do n't know .		did she have any other albums ?		did yoko onohave any other albums aside from fly and unfinished music no.1 : two virgins ?
yoko ono		first solo album and fly		what was the name of her first solo album ?		the two artists collaborated on many albums , beginning in 1968 when lennon was still a beatle , with unfinished music no.1 : two virgins ,		was the solo album successful ?		ono released her first solo album , yoko ono / plastic ono band , in 1970 as a companion piece to lennon 's better - known john lennon / plastic ono band .		was there a single from that album ?		i do n't know .		was fly the name of another album ?		when lennon was invited to play with frank zappa at the fillmore ( then the filmore west ) on june 5 , 1971 , ono joined them . later that year , she released fly ,		did the public like the album ?		i do n't know .		did she have any other albums ?		she also received minor airplay with the ballad " mrs. lennon " . the track " do n't worry , kyoko ( mummy 's only looking for her hand in the snow ) "		when was the album released ?		when was the album fly released ?
michelle branch		1983 - 2000 : early life and broken bracelet		what was the name of michelle branch 's first album ?		what was the name of michelle branch 's first album ?
michelle branch		1983 - 2000 : early life and broken bracelet		what was the name of michelle branch 's first album ?		in june 2000 , branch self - produced broken bracelet , a compilation of songs she wrote when she was 14 and 15 ;		what year did michelle branch 's single " everywhere " come out ?		what year did michelle branch 's single " everywhere " come out ?
michelle branch		1983 - 2000 : early life and broken bracelet		what was the name of michelle branch 's first album ?		in june 2000 , branch self - produced broken bracelet , a compilation of songs she wrote when she was 14 and 15 ;		what year did michelle branch 's single " everywhere " come out ?		i do n't know .		when did michelle branch appear on total request live ?		when did michelle branch appear on total request live ?
michelle branch		1983 - 2000 : early life and broken bracelet		what was the name of michelle branch 's first album ?		in june 2000 , branch self - produced broken bracelet , a compilation of songs she wrote when she was 14 and 15 ;		what year did michelle branch 's single " everywhere " come out ?		i do n't know .		when did michelle branch appear on total request live ?		i do n't know .		did " the spirit room " album reach double platinum status ?		did " the spirit room " album reach double platinum status ?
red ( band )		until we have faces ( 2010 - 2012 )		what happened in 2010 ?		what happened in 2010 with red ?
red ( band )		until we have faces ( 2010 - 2012 )		what happened in 2010 ?		red worked on new material for until we have faces during their 2009 - 2010 tours .		when was the album released ?		when was " until we have faces " released ?
red ( band )		until we have faces ( 2010 - 2012 )		what happened in 2010 ?		red worked on new material for until we have faces during their 2009 - 2010 tours .		when was the album released ?		until we have faces was released on february 1 , 2011 .		did it have any hit singles ?		did " until we have faces " have any hit singles ?
red ( band )		until we have faces ( 2010 - 2012 )		what happened in 2010 ?		red worked on new material for until we have faces during their 2009 - 2010 tours .		when was the album released ?		until we have faces was released on february 1 , 2011 .		did it have any hit singles ?		" start again " won best rock recorded song of the year at the 2011 gma dove awards .		did they have any other hit singles ?		did red have any other hit singles besides " start again " ?
red ( band )		until we have faces ( 2010 - 2012 )		what happened in 2010 ?		red worked on new material for until we have faces during their 2009 - 2010 tours .		when was the album released ?		until we have faces was released on february 1 , 2011 .		did it have any hit singles ?		" start again " won best rock recorded song of the year at the 2011 gma dove awards .		did they have any other hit singles ?		codes were given to all fans that sent in pictures of their faces to download an mp3 for the song " feed the machine " .		how many were downloaded ?		how many " feed the machine " mp3 were downloaded ?
red ( band )		until we have faces ( 2010 - 2012 )		what happened in 2010 ?		red worked on new material for until we have faces during their 2009 - 2010 tours .		when was the album released ?		until we have faces was released on february 1 , 2011 .		did it have any hit singles ?		" start again " won best rock recorded song of the year at the 2011 gma dove awards .		did they have any other hit singles ?		codes were given to all fans that sent in pictures of their faces to download an mp3 for the song " feed the machine " .		how many were downloaded ?		i do n't know .		did the go on tour ?		did red go on tour ?
red ( band )		until we have faces ( 2010 - 2012 )		what happened in 2010 ?		red worked on new material for until we have faces during their 2009 - 2010 tours .		when was the album released ?		until we have faces was released on february 1 , 2011 .		did it have any hit singles ?		" start again " won best rock recorded song of the year at the 2011 gma dove awards .		did they have any other hit singles ?		codes were given to all fans that sent in pictures of their faces to download an mp3 for the song " feed the machine " .		how many were downloaded ?		i do n't know .		did the go on tour ?		they joined union entertainment label - mates hinder on their all american nightmare tour		did they work with anyone else ?		did red work with anyone else besides hinder ?
red ( band )		until we have faces ( 2010 - 2012 )		what happened in 2010 ?		red worked on new material for until we have faces during their 2009 - 2010 tours .		when was the album released ?		until we have faces was released on february 1 , 2011 .		did it have any hit singles ?		" start again " won best rock recorded song of the year at the 2011 gma dove awards .		did they have any other hit singles ?		codes were given to all fans that sent in pictures of their faces to download an mp3 for the song " feed the machine " .		how many were downloaded ?		i do n't know .		did the go on tour ?		they joined union entertainment label - mates hinder on their all american nightmare tour		did they work with anyone else ?		on june 5 , 2011 they started their kill th3 machin3 tour with oh no fiasco , taddy porter , red jumpsuit apparatus and evans blue .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		are there any other interesting aspects about this article besides the kill th3 machin3 tour ?
red ( band )		until we have faces ( 2010 - 2012 )		what happened in 2010 ?		red worked on new material for until we have faces during their 2009 - 2010 tours .		when was the album released ?		until we have faces was released on february 1 , 2011 .		did it have any hit singles ?		" start again " won best rock recorded song of the year at the 2011 gma dove awards .		did they have any other hit singles ?		codes were given to all fans that sent in pictures of their faces to download an mp3 for the song " feed the machine " .		how many were downloaded ?		i do n't know .		did the go on tour ?		they joined union entertainment label - mates hinder on their all american nightmare tour		did they work with anyone else ?		on june 5 , 2011 they started their kill th3 machin3 tour with oh no fiasco , taddy porter , red jumpsuit apparatus and evans blue .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		red was also the first band to ever enter loudwire 's cage match hall of fame ,		what did they enter for ?		what did red enter loudwire 's cage match hall of fame for ?
palestinian art		politics		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		besides palestinian art and politics , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
palestinian art		politics		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		before 1948 , most palestinian artists were self - taught , painting landscapes and religious scenes in imitation of the european style . art exhibitions were almost unheard of .		what role does politics play in palestinian art ?		what role does politics play in palestinian art ?
palestinian art		politics		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		before 1948 , most palestinian artists were self - taught , painting landscapes and religious scenes in imitation of the european style . art exhibitions were almost unheard of .		what role does politics play in palestinian art ?		while most of the art in his day explored religious themes and non - controversial issues , saig 's work ventured into politics .		what does saig 's work say about politics ?		what does saig 's palestinian art say about politics ?
palestinian art		politics		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		before 1948 , most palestinian artists were self - taught , painting landscapes and religious scenes in imitation of the european style . art exhibitions were almost unheard of .		what role does politics play in palestinian art ?		while most of the art in his day explored religious themes and non - controversial issues , saig 's work ventured into politics .		what does saig 's work say about politics ?		caliph umar at jerusalem gates c. 1920 , for example , seems to recount a popular religious legend about umar bloodlessly taking over jerusalem and ushering centuries of peace		what other political themes are present in palestinian artwork ?		aside from saig 's work , what other political themes are present in palestinian artwork ?
palestinian art		politics		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		before 1948 , most palestinian artists were self - taught , painting landscapes and religious scenes in imitation of the european style . art exhibitions were almost unheard of .		what role does politics play in palestinian art ?		while most of the art in his day explored religious themes and non - controversial issues , saig 's work ventured into politics .		what does saig 's work say about politics ?		caliph umar at jerusalem gates c. 1920 , for example , seems to recount a popular religious legend about umar bloodlessly taking over jerusalem and ushering centuries of peace		what other political themes are present in palestinian artwork ?		many palestinians saw as divisive policies of the british during the mandate period which attempted to create friction between muslims and christian arabs .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		in addition to saig 's art , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
palestinian art		politics		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		before 1948 , most palestinian artists were self - taught , painting landscapes and religious scenes in imitation of the european style . art exhibitions were almost unheard of .		what role does politics play in palestinian art ?		while most of the art in his day explored religious themes and non - controversial issues , saig 's work ventured into politics .		what does saig 's work say about politics ?		caliph umar at jerusalem gates c. 1920 , for example , seems to recount a popular religious legend about umar bloodlessly taking over jerusalem and ushering centuries of peace		what other political themes are present in palestinian artwork ?		many palestinians saw as divisive policies of the british during the mandate period which attempted to create friction between muslims and christian arabs .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		after 1948 , ismail shammout , naji al - ali , mustafa al - hallaj , abdul hay mosallam and paul guiragossian tackled the painful memories of the nabka showing massacres ,		how did these artists portray the massacres ?		how did palestinian artists portray the nabka massacres ?
sandy koufax		1963 season		how did the 1963 season start for sandy koufax ?		how did the 1963 season start for sandy koufax ?
sandy koufax		1963 season		how did the 1963 season start for sandy koufax ?		reduced his walk rate further to 1.7 in 1963 , which ranked fifth in the league .		did koufax suffer any injuries ?		did sandy koufax suffer any injuries in 1963 ?
sandy koufax		1963 season		how did the 1963 season start for sandy koufax ?		reduced his walk rate further to 1.7 in 1963 , which ranked fifth in the league .		did koufax suffer any injuries ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		aside from a no - hitter and 11 shutouts , what else was interesting about sandy koufax 's 1963 season ?
sandy koufax		1963 season		how did the 1963 season start for sandy koufax ?		reduced his walk rate further to 1.7 in 1963 , which ranked fifth in the league .		did koufax suffer any injuries ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		gibson would break koufax 's record by striking out 17 detroit tigers in the 1968 world series opener		what records did koufax set in 1963 ?		what records did koufax set in 1963 ?
sandy koufax		1963 season		how did the 1963 season start for sandy koufax ?		reduced his walk rate further to 1.7 in 1963 , which ranked fifth in the league .		did koufax suffer any injuries ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		gibson would break koufax 's record by striking out 17 detroit tigers in the 1968 world series opener		what records did koufax set in 1963 ?		koufax threw 11 shutouts , setting a new post-1900 record for shutouts by a left - handed pitcher		how did the team do in 1963 ?		how did sandy koufax 's team do in 1963 ?
sandy koufax		1963 season		how did the 1963 season start for sandy koufax ?		reduced his walk rate further to 1.7 in 1963 , which ranked fifth in the league .		did koufax suffer any injuries ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		gibson would break koufax 's record by striking out 17 detroit tigers in the 1968 world series opener		what records did koufax set in 1963 ?		koufax threw 11 shutouts , setting a new post-1900 record for shutouts by a left - handed pitcher		how did the team do in 1963 ?		on may 11 , koufax no - hit the san francisco giants 8 - 0 , besting future hall of fame pitcher juan marichal		in what other games did koufax perform well ?		besides his no - hitter on may 11 , in what other games did koufax perform well ?
sandy koufax		1963 season		how did the 1963 season start for sandy koufax ?		reduced his walk rate further to 1.7 in 1963 , which ranked fifth in the league .		did koufax suffer any injuries ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		gibson would break koufax 's record by striking out 17 detroit tigers in the 1968 world series opener		what records did koufax set in 1963 ?		koufax threw 11 shutouts , setting a new post-1900 record for shutouts by a left - handed pitcher		how did the team do in 1963 ?		on may 11 , koufax no - hit the san francisco giants 8 - 0 , besting future hall of fame pitcher juan marichal		in what other games did koufax perform well ?		koufax carried a perfect game into the eighth inning against the powerful giants lineup ,		how did koufax perform in the post - season ?		how did koufax perform in the 1963 post - season ?
sandy koufax		1963 season		how did the 1963 season start for sandy koufax ?		reduced his walk rate further to 1.7 in 1963 , which ranked fifth in the league .		did koufax suffer any injuries ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		gibson would break koufax 's record by striking out 17 detroit tigers in the 1968 world series opener		what records did koufax set in 1963 ?		koufax threw 11 shutouts , setting a new post-1900 record for shutouts by a left - handed pitcher		how did the team do in 1963 ?		on may 11 , koufax no - hit the san francisco giants 8 - 0 , besting future hall of fame pitcher juan marichal		in what other games did koufax perform well ?		koufax carried a perfect game into the eighth inning against the powerful giants lineup ,		how did koufax perform in the post - season ?		facing the yankees in the 1963 world series , koufax beat whitey ford 5 - 2 in game 1 and struck out 15 batters		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		other than a no - hitter and pitching in the 1963 world series , are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?
sandy koufax		1963 season		how did the 1963 season start for sandy koufax ?		reduced his walk rate further to 1.7 in 1963 , which ranked fifth in the league .		did koufax suffer any injuries ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		gibson would break koufax 's record by striking out 17 detroit tigers in the 1968 world series opener		what records did koufax set in 1963 ?		koufax threw 11 shutouts , setting a new post-1900 record for shutouts by a left - handed pitcher		how did the team do in 1963 ?		on may 11 , koufax no - hit the san francisco giants 8 - 0 , besting future hall of fame pitcher juan marichal		in what other games did koufax perform well ?		koufax carried a perfect game into the eighth inning against the powerful giants lineup ,		how did koufax perform in the post - season ?		facing the yankees in the 1963 world series , koufax beat whitey ford 5 - 2 in game 1 and struck out 15 batters		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the top pitchers of the era - don drysdale , juan marichal , jim bunning , bob gibson , warren spahn , and above all koufax - significantly reduced the walks		how did this change in walks affect the game of baseball ?		how did a reduced number of walks affect the game of baseball ?
sandy koufax		1963 season		how did the 1963 season start for sandy koufax ?		reduced his walk rate further to 1.7 in 1963 , which ranked fifth in the league .		did koufax suffer any injuries ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		gibson would break koufax 's record by striking out 17 detroit tigers in the 1968 world series opener		what records did koufax set in 1963 ?		koufax threw 11 shutouts , setting a new post-1900 record for shutouts by a left - handed pitcher		how did the team do in 1963 ?		on may 11 , koufax no - hit the san francisco giants 8 - 0 , besting future hall of fame pitcher juan marichal		in what other games did koufax perform well ?		koufax carried a perfect game into the eighth inning against the powerful giants lineup ,		how did koufax perform in the post - season ?		facing the yankees in the 1963 world series , koufax beat whitey ford 5 - 2 in game 1 and struck out 15 batters		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the top pitchers of the era - don drysdale , juan marichal , jim bunning , bob gibson , warren spahn , and above all koufax - significantly reduced the walks		how did this change in walks affect the game of baseball ?		i do n't know .		how did the league respond to this change ?		how did the league respond to pitchers throwing fewer walks ?
sandy koufax		1963 season		how did the 1963 season start for sandy koufax ?		reduced his walk rate further to 1.7 in 1963 , which ranked fifth in the league .		did koufax suffer any injuries ?		i do n't know .		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		gibson would break koufax 's record by striking out 17 detroit tigers in the 1968 world series opener		what records did koufax set in 1963 ?		koufax threw 11 shutouts , setting a new post-1900 record for shutouts by a left - handed pitcher		how did the team do in 1963 ?		on may 11 , koufax no - hit the san francisco giants 8 - 0 , besting future hall of fame pitcher juan marichal		in what other games did koufax perform well ?		koufax carried a perfect game into the eighth inning against the powerful giants lineup ,		how did koufax perform in the post - season ?		facing the yankees in the 1963 world series , koufax beat whitey ford 5 - 2 in game 1 and struck out 15 batters		are there any other interesting aspects about this article ?		the top pitchers of the era - don drysdale , juan marichal , jim bunning , bob gibson , warren spahn , and above all koufax - significantly reduced the walks		how did this change in walks affect the game of baseball ?		i do n't know .		how did the league respond to this change ?		i do n't know .		how did the fans respond to this ?		how did the fans respond to there being fewer walks ?